Chapter 1: TheJourney IsThe Destination Chapter Notes Quick little note: Measure of a Man WILL NOT be removed from A03. My debut novel, Sight Unseen, is a little love letter to the heart of this story. There are little "IYKYK" Easter eggs, but it's not a rewrite of this fic. <3 Welcome to my slow burn. My Nothing to Something to Everything fic. This is a character driven story and is a marathon, not a sprint. Looking for something light, short, quick, and face-paced? This isn't it. This is also not a pure romance where only the building romance matters and there is little interaction outside this. There is a cast and their presence matters and entwine with the storyline. This story is set to the slower pace of normal, realistic life with parts that quicken with action, but overall the pace is steady and slow as our characters undergo major arcs that take words to develop. Real growth and change take time and this story is full of it. It tackles serious issues and themes and heavy topics that would do a disservice to those who can relate if handled carelessly or waved away with magic. Hermione is our wonderful yet unreliable narrator. She is analytical, detailed oriented, and her narrative is a personality trait. So if it seems a bit pretentious and preachy, lol, canon Hermione is definitely capable of being both. If you notice she turns thoughts over in her head, it's the anxiety. If you're expecting 30+ to talk and behave like they did in canon where they are 17/18, this might not be for you. People don't immediately drop all their defenses and issues, or shed the armor they spent years constructing in the moment the romantic lead shows up and speaks to them. That's not realistic. The burn is "timeline fast" but "word count slow" and begins 13 years after the war with Draco and Hermione as nothing to each other so please do not expect Draco to turn up instantly. There's an entire world to build to fill the gap from canon to the start of the fic. Please note the dates as it is significant to the timeline of events. And with no further ado. See the end of the chapter for more notes One The Journey Is The Destination March 13, 2011 The quietest people have the loudest minds. Hermione found the quote thought-provoking, not only because it was true, but also because she couldn't think of a more accurate statement to describe Theodore Nott. He had never been loudÑreading and studyingÑwhich was something Hermione appreciated. As an adult, his pensive nature had transformed into the sort that frustrated most people, but never her. It kept Hermione alert, drew her attention, and constantly made her wonder what he was really thinking. Some people were quiet because they had nothing happening in their minds, some had too much, but Theo's silence was neither. In fact, his squinty green eyes and purposefully understated presence reminded Hermione of yet another quote: It takes one to know one. And because she knew exactly what that look meant, she was well aware that Theo was scheming. Hermione allowed it as she sorted through the crumbs she'd picked up over her last six years working for himÑclues he'd inadvertently dropped that spoke of his intentions when he wouldn't. Whatever Theo wanted from her today was important to him. Personal. She didn't like it one bit. Theo didn't discuss anything remotely personal. Not with her or anyone elseÑat least not while they were at work. Pansy was the exception, but they were lifelong friends. Hermione suspected his strict division between work and play was the only belief he hadn't shed after the war. Everything was business and had been since he'd spent his family's entire fortune buying and reviving the bankrupt hospital in a move that, while altruistic, was also far more lucrative than anyone had expected. That had been eight years ago, when Theodore Nott, Sr died during a prison break, and his son had been left alone, desperate to atone for the sins of his father. Anything that could make Theo, of all people, change the well-established status quo was certainly not an endeavour Hermione wanted to undertake. Instead, she watched him, her answer to his unasked question ready. Theo's office was large with neutral walls, light wood floors, and sparse furniture and dŽcor. The artificial lights gave the room a clinical glow. Even with Pansy's attempts at adding bits of masculine flair by way of artwork, rugs, and the black dragon-hide sofa in the designated sitting area across the room, it still wasn't particularly grand. Hermione thought it fit Theo. Except one thing. A children's dictionary sat alone on the corner of his desk. That didn't fit. The man himself stood at the bookshelf, skimming over the assortment of spines and pulling off a book here and there. Theo was as tall as Ron and handsome in a way that made it clear he was aware of it, but hadn't needed to use it for his benefit. He was too smart for that. Honestly, Hermione had looked at him once or twiceÑshe wasn't blindÑand she might have subtly hinted at her interest. Theo was her type, now that she understood herself better. He had an odd sense of humour, was put together and astute, level-headed but decisive, and had the bonus of being tall and extremely attractive. Theo, on the other hand, hadn't shown interest outside of friendship. And that was that. But it never stopped her from looking appreciatively. As well as critically. Dressed in fitted grey trousers and a crisp white shirt with the sleeves rolled to his elbows, Theo exuded a tactical calm that masqueraded as stoic indifference. But Hermione knew better. She waited patiently for him to remember that he wasn't dealing with his normal ilk. "I'm quite busy, Theo." He responded by bringing his selected books back to his desk before he sat down, opening the first with the ease of a man that didn't have a meeting with the hospital board in twenty-seven minutesÑtwenty of which he would need to debate with her on the topic of whatever he was scheming about. He didn't have time to spare, yet he flipped the page with unhurried confidence anyway. Eyes still on his book, he picked up his porcelain teacup and brought it to his lips, taking a light sip of the piping hot tea. She had brewed it from her own collection before turning up for the meeting that had spontaneously appeared on her Magi-Scheduler that morning. Theo was a particular sort who took his teaÑno matter the varietyÑsteeped for exactly five minutes with no sugar because he wanted to enjoy the flavour. Boring, but Hermione couldn't bring herself to judge anyone who appreciated the classics. It was such a rare thing these days. As he read, Hermione reached for the tin thermal and poured herself a cup as well before settling back in her chair, crossing her legs as the knees, and taking her first sip. The tea was a blend of peppermint and rosemary grown and prepared in her greenhouse several months ago. It was the perfect remedy for the afternoon slump they both tended to suffer. Hermione took a reviving inhale of steam from her cup before ending the purposeful silence. "If you delay any longer, you'll be late. The board will not be pleased. I'm already late for a visit with my parents, and my mother won't be pleased either." That wasn't exactly true, but he didn't need to know that. Not that it mattered. Theo's silence held out another full minute; he never spoke too soon or too late, only at the precise moment he meant to. "As usual, your blend is excellent." His voice was even and firm, but there was something gentle in his tone that indicated sincerity. He placed his teacup on the saucer and looked at her again before closing the book he had been reading and extending it to her. Hermione peered at the cover. Neurological Diseases and their Effects on Wizards. She didn't accept it. "I've already read this." Even though it wasn't her area of expertise. "Twice." Hermione started in Plant Poisoning after quitting the Ministry and finishing Healer Academy, but she hadn't stayed long due to the popularity of Alternative HealingÑa branch that didn't quite fit inside the walls of St Mungo's, but one that was needed after the war with the sharp rise in mental health concerns and specialties that didn't align elsewhere. Typically, Hermione worked with long-term patients: recovering potions addicts, chronic patients, and the occasional terminal case, slowing the progression of their diseases when possible. Her unique method of therapy was very involved and multi-layered, but also extremely effective, which was why she only accepted one patient at a time and was allowed to work primarily out of her home. Theo had so much faith in her methods and success rate that he allowed her to pick her own patients. He opened his desk drawer and retrieved a folder. Carefully, he placed it next to the book as if it was supposed to explain everything. It, in fact, gave her no clues at all. "Take a look. Tell me what you think." Then he went back to his tea, pouring himself more from the tumbler. He must really enjoy it. A cursory glance at the folder was enough to brush against the edge of her curiosity. It was completely blank, which didn't look like any other patient file Hermione had seen. Each file at St. Mungo's at least had basic information on the front so the Healers wouldn't forget their patients' names. Inside, all identifying information had been rendered illegible, which meant she didn't have the proper clearance. So, there was a need for discretion. Privacy. Interesting. Hermione had several immediate theories, but until she had more information, she refused to show any signs of interest. Instead, she started from the beginning. By no means did she give it a detailed read, merely a cursory skim. Hermione noted the symptoms: drowsiness, auditory hallucinations, bouts of confusion and forgetfulness, increased pulse and sweating, and temporary motor control issues. Then, she read the differential diagnoses: poison, dark magic, a slow-progressing curse? No specific curse was provided. There wasn't one diagnosis that fit the wildly varied symptoms. Hermione flipped the page to scour the notes from the magical scans and tests, but found only incohesive results. She turned the page to the second opinion from a German Healer that was utterly useless and suggested the patient was experiencing the physical manifestation of stress. Recommendation: Rest. And the third from a Japanese Healer with a lazy diagnosis of Brainpox, which made no sense. Recommendation: Further testing. Finally, the fourth, which was from an American Healer named Charles Smith. After the largest battery of tests Hermione had ever seen performed on one patient, he ventured outside of the realm of dark magic and violence-caused afflictions and landed on a diagnosis that fit. Dementia. Or rather, a magical form of it that manipulated the nervous system, whichÑaccording to the book next to the patient's folderÑonly sped up the progression of the disease. The form this patient had was typically fatal within eight years in Muggles, and only due to complications. But in wizards? Three years. Perhaps four or five, if the patient underwent an intensive care regime that focused onÉ Hermione froze as realisation wrapped around her. "No." Theo nodded like he'd expected her answer, not saying anything until he finished his tea. The quiet clip of his cup against the saucer echoed. "I'm more than willing to bargain." "Five years for an assignment, Theo?" She scoffed at the absurdity of the request he hadn't verbally made. "How important is this patient?" "To their family? Very." Not the answer she was looking for. Hermione, who refused to let him play on her compassion, fixed him with a hard glare. "And to you?" That he didn't answer. No, wouldn't. Ah, so at least in some capacity, it was personal. Theo didn't have any living relatives, but he did have family. One of his own creation. And even though Hermione knew enough about Theo to pick up on the clues he let slip, she only knew a select few members of his family. Pansy wasn't sick; the witch was currently on the hunt for the perfect clawfoot tub for Hermione's bathroom. Blaise was in Egypt closing the deal on a rare artefact for a buyer (the less she knew the better) while his fiancŽ Padma was hard at work at St Mungo's. Daphne, who worked with Blaise, took on lighter tasks as she prepared for the birth of her child with her husband, Dean. Goyle had lived in America with his wife and children for years. Lastly, according to Harry, Malfoy had been insufferable while making quite the splash as the leader of the Ministry's Terrorist Task ForceÑa role which he ironically used to terrorise everyone in both the Auror's Office and the Department of Magical Law Enforcement about the ongoing investigation into the Death Eater's base of operations. What was she missing? There was one thing she missed. Theo leaned back in his chair, his elbows on the arms, forefinger and thumb on his chin, kneading as if contemplating a particularly difficult chess move. "They are willing to triple your salary." He was toying with her. Hermione scoffed. "I'm not going to dignify that with a response." "It's part of the contract," he explained with an easy wave of his hand, allowing himself a brief glimpse at the large, decorative clock on the wall next to his door. "There are additional benefits provided with this opportunity to make the long-term assignment easier for you. You'd have the ability to set your own hours, your own staff of two private Healers at your disposal to provide in-home care around the clock, and I am to relieve you of your role as a floater staff member." "None of that is appealing." Hermione already set her own hours while on assignment; her patients often required more than potions and rest. She liked doing things her own way, which was one of the many reasons she preferred to work alone. She took time to get to know her patients as people, not as a collection of diagnoses and reasons why they'd ended up in her care in the first place, and customised her plans to each person's individual needs and goals. When she needed some help, she could readily find it in a book. More importantly, Hermione liked working as a floater because it offered variety and experience. It kept her sharp and allowed her to broaden her knowledge on other areas she hadn't specialised in. "It's an excellent offer." She gave him a noncommittal shrug. "Be that as it may, I don't like walking into anything blind. You're asking for years of my career and won't tell me anything worthwhile to assist in making that decision, so forgive me for being wary." "I've provided their file." Hermione chuckled dryly. "You've provided the bare minimum thinking it would pique my interest. And I'll admit, I am intrigued, but more about your role in all this than anything else. It's not like you to extend yourself this far. However, it's not enough to tempt me into accepting the assignment." "They are willing to allow you to add your own terms to the contract." Hermione's inquisitiveness nearly outweighed her reluctance. "Who is it?" "That I can't tell you unless you agree." "And I won't agree without knowing their identity." Hermione allowed her counterpoint to linger and continued to savour her tea. And then, with the same glacial pace as Theo, she finished it and placed the cup on the saucer. "It appears we're at an impasse and you're going to be late." He fixed her with a challenging look that she more than gladly returned. "The board canÑ and willÑwait." While his response wasn't incorrect, his tone gave Hermione more evidence regarding the importance of their conversation. She allowed her mind to process the task at hand, attempting to comb through the more nuanced details of Theo's life in her search for answers. But she didn't get very far. Theo was as intelligent and observant as he was private and stubborn. Hermione had learned, when she came to work for him, that he only shared what he wanted toÑor was legally obligated to divulge. And though he often spoke to Hermione in confidence, Theo hadn't shared enough for her to formulate a substantial theory. So, she tucked her suspicions away. "I won't concede." "You wouldn't be Hermione Granger if you did." It wasn't the first time she'd heard those words in that context, but where there was usually an undertone of either disdain or mild annoyance, Theo only conveyed admiration. Had she been anyone else, his words might have softened her to the idea of this mystery patient. But, like he said, she was Hermione Granger. "My answer is still no." And because she wasn't heartless, she suggested, "Susan might be able to assist or maybe Padma or even Roger Davies." They were the other Healers in their more specialised field; all three would be excellent choices for a long-term assignment like this. There were others, as well, that were just as capable and would likely be interested in the terms of the contract. "They asked for the best. I asked the best." Theo shrugged as if it was that simple. "Is that flattery I detect?" "Merely a factual statement." As her final answer, Hermione shut the file and sat the book on top of it, using her finger to push it back across the desk. His eyes narrowed as he looked down then back up at her. When he sighed, she knew he was ready to be honest. Good. "There's a human element to your care that Roger cannot emulate, which puts you higher in my regards, despite his various accomplishments and accolades. Padma is busy planning a wedding, and as our Werewolf Specialist, I need her here to deal with the influx of new bites. SusanÉ" He trailed off momentarily to find the correct word. "Susan is too sensitive for this assignment." "Too sensitive for a terminal case?" Hermione raised an eyebrow. "We're Healers, Theo. Death is something we have to face every day." She was ready to go to war for a witch she considered a friend. "It's something that we all have already had to stare into the eyes of once. We know how to take care of ourselves and each other when we lose a patient. I don't think you know her well enough to make that assessment, nor do I think you're giving her enough credit." "That's not what I meant at all, Hermione." Theo was attempting to simmer the flames of her infamously protective nature. "I simply meant the patient is testy and stubborn and I need someone with the right constitution to challenge them, as they tend to run roughshod over people. Not in a callous manner, butÉ they have a strong personality. Susan is more no-nonsense than assertive, but you have the right temperament." Hermione found herself even less persuaded. "Thank you for the backhanded compliment, butÑ" "Would you say yes if I arranged a meeting?" She considered his proposal, then him, and the fact that he was giving her a guarded expression that seemed hopeful. Hermione sighed and took back the folder and book. "I'll meet with them, but I maintain the right to say no after." And she likely would. "That's reasonable, butÉ" Theo trailed off, idly straightening the quill on his desk. "JustÉ keep an open mind." That didn't inspire any confidence in their tentative deal, but Hermione considered herself a reasonable person. Sensible. "I can do that." They didn't shake on it, nor were there any binding formalities to their agreement. Only a mutual understanding and a look passed between them, followed by a slight nod of their heads. "When should I expect them?" "I'll arrange the date and coordinate with you regarding your preferred consultation time. Thank you for agreeing to meet with them." Hermione gave him a look. "I'm not making any promises." "Duly noted." Hermione thought her business was completed and she was free to go, but Theo didn't stand to leave, even though he had a full ten minutes before his meeting with the board. Apparently, their conversation wasn't over. "The Ministry has sent over an informal offer for you to join the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. They want me to discuss it with you." Theo picked up his teacup and took a sip. "This is me discussing it with you." Hermione coughed delicately into her fist to stifle a laugh at his outright defiance. It wasn't the first time they'd had this conversation, and the reason the Ministry hadn't sent their offer directly to her was because she would have torn it to shreds and moved along with her day without a second thought. She'd gone on a sabbatical after her incident with every intention of eventually returning; honestly, quitting hadn't been planned. It was a spur of the moment situation where Hermione found herself thinking about going back for the first time. Suddenly, she felt suffocated by the crushing weight of anxiety and responsibility. When Hermione caught her breath, she knew she couldn't go back. Not like that. Not when she wanted to recapture the love that she had for working hard and feeling like she was accomplishing something importantÑmaking a difference. Even one that was small. She just wanted to recapture the love for life she once had before getting caught up in the push and pull of Ministry politics. Returning to a life where she had to split herself in every direction requested and be complicit in creating the illusion of peace the Wizengamot wanted to show the peopleÉ it wasn't appealing. It left her feeling empty and used. Which was what had prompted her to write her resignation letter, part of what made her decide to apply to the Healer Academy, and what had led to her approaching Theo with a request to join the department that had been created to help combat the wizarding world's post-war mental health crisis. "I'll write back and tell them you declined." "You could also tell them to stop offering." "I think we both know that they won't, just like we both know that this is merely an opportunity for you to get your second wind." "I've been here six years. I think I can safely say I won't go back." Theo continued drinking his tea and never responded. And because he still made no attempts to move, Hermione was suspicious. There had to be something else, some subject touchier than his mystery patient and the Ministry's job offer. There was a reason he'd strategically left it for last. "What else?" she asked. "There is also the matter of the threatening letters we've received." "Ah." Thirteen years had passed since the final battle, yet the wizarding world was still not at peace. It was still dealing with Death Eaters, and still ripe for change. Hermione knew revolutions never took place when people were content and cared for, but when they felt disenfranchised and vulnerable. The Death Eaters had kept that thought in mind and believed that killing the famous Boy-Who-Lived-Twice and his allies under the Ministry's watch would scare them into striking the match that sparked that revolution. The threatening letters, however, weren't just sent to her, Harry, and Ron. They extended out to the Weasleys, Malfoys, Luna, Neville, and even Theo's created familyÑwho were all considered blood traitors. Or literal traitors, as far as the Malfoys were concerned. Right after the war, the letters would have been more effective in scaring her. Now, they were an irritant at best. "How was it delivered?" Hermione ran her finger along the wooden arm of her chair. The letters usually came by owl or messenger to the hospital. She had worked out a spell years ago that made people as unplottable as their homes, but everyone knew where she worked. Her abrupt exit from her Ministry position seven years ago had beenÉ public. "This one was delivered this morning by an Imperiused Muggle who had been bittenÑ" "Greyback?" "Yes, but the Muggle tested negative for Lycanthropy, like most of the others." Which was a relief, but with a full moon soon, that was likely to change. Padma's patient count had been steadily on the rise for more than the last year. "He walked into the hospital as if the wards didn't exist." Hermione blinked at Theo in confusion. That move was a sharp deviation from the norm. The letters had been petty threats, but the added bitten Muggle and security breach felt like every bit of the warning it was. We can find you, no matter how well you hide. Before she could ask, he continued, "The Terrorism Task Force interviewed him, the Obliviators modified his memories to include the fact that he likes his steak rare, and someone from Muggle Relations sent him on his way with a gift card for a steak dinner." Nice to know, but Hermione had other questions. "The security breach?" "We're looking into it." And that was likely all he could tell her. "In light of the breach, the Ministry wants to assign you a security detail for your protection." It wasn't the first time the offer had been made, and it wouldn't be the last. "I think you should consider the offer." Theo looked serious. "There's a werewolf that's been roaming loose since his prison escape three years ago. He's out of control and has taken a liking to you." "I'm aware." The liking wasn't new, but Hermione kept that to herself. He was out there. Waiting. "It would be wise for you to consider the protection." Hermione picked up her beaded bag, the file, and the book off his deskÑshe would need it for the patient's meeting. "Did Harry put you up to this?" He lifted one brow in response to her question. It told her everything she needed to know. Yes. She shook her head fondly, chuckling to herself. Harry had become quite meddlesome since becoming a father, but they were at a point in their lives where they'd been best friends longer than not. He was one of the people Hermione considered a part of herself because of how well he knew her. And vice versa. Harry must have known she wouldn't be very welcoming considering he had made the suggestion and tried to circumvent her. Nice try. "I'm not scared of Greyback." "You should at least be cautious." Theo's warning came from a place of concern. "He's rabid and he'll continue to get worse until he gets a taste of what he wants. There's only one thing you can do with a diseased animalÉ" Put them down. "I am cautious." She settled back in her seat. More cautious than he knew. Every now and then, she could hear a wolf howling at the moon near her homeÉ and there were no wolves in her area. She knew, but she also knew her wards were impenetrable. "Greyback or not, I think by now you both should know that I am my own security." One corner of Theo's mouth quirked. "I figured you would say that, but I had to try for liability purposes and to be able to honestly tell Potter that I gave it a shot. That's all I wanted to discuss with you today." He shrugged a little and stood to prepare for the meeting that he was now late for. Summoning his jacket with a nonverbal spell and putting it on, he adjusted the collar and sleeves with great care. Theo picked up a small stack of foldersÑlikely the hospital's fiscal budget for next yearÑand cleared his throat with his fist covering his mouth. "The teaÉ" Sometimes Theo's quiet nature made him appear aloof, but his little signals gave him away. They had been friends for a few years now, and he still wasn't used to asking for what he wantedÉ when it pertained to himself. Hermione smirked. "I'll send some by way of Pansy." "Thank you." Hermione rose from her chair and was halfway to his door when she turned and asked, "Why do you have a children's dictionary on your desk?" Theo almost ignored her, he did that sometimes when her questions were too personal, but then he sighed. "It's a gift for my godson." That wasÉ interesting. Also odd because not once had he ever mentioned a godson, but not unexpected because it was Theo. The man had a methodology behind every action. "Oh, how old?" Hermione tried not to sound as curious as she naturally was. Theo looked at her as if to say nice try. "Five as of roughly two months ago." Interesting. Albus' birthday was next week. If magical, they would likely be schoolmates. Why hadn't Theo mentioned him before? Hermione had a better question. "You bought him a dictionary?" she deadpanned with a straight face and a large helping of sarcasm. "For fun? And everyone says I have no imagination." She hadn't seen Theo look as awkward as he did right then. "He doesn't play much and he enjoys the pictures. It will be a useful gift to him as his reading skills and comprehension increase." Sensible and practical, of course, but when she extracted both of those things from his statement, the only question that remained was simple in its essence, but deep and challenging in its answer. What sort of child doesn't play? March 14, 2011 The kind of peace found in nature was irreplaceable, which was why Hermione loved the location of her home. She experienced every aspect of nature stepping out of her door. Or even looking out her window. A colourful sunset and slow sunrise. Endless greenery and life. Hermione could breathe in air so fresh it felt like she could live forever, and listen to rain so loud she could hardly hear herself think. There was a silent, picturesque beauty that couldn't be duplicated. Winters that should have been exclusively dark and desolate were light. Springs were promising and transformative. Summers were full of growth, life, and hard work. And autumns were crisp, yet refreshing enough to enjoy a hot tea while bundled in a blanket. Blending during the transition between seasons was even better. Like now. Winter had begun its slow march towards spring in a series of steps, both forward and backwards, that started with unseasonable warmth last week. The chill that had returned in the last few days didn't inspire the confidence Hermione needed to undo the cloches over her row of root plants. Maybe next week. She looked around at row after row of covered vegetation planted together in groups. Three sets of plants on each row on two aisles, separated by a cobblestone walkway that led to the small greenhouse, which was larger on the inside, thanks to the only magic she used on her garden. Around the perimeter of her vegetable patch there was a variety of flowering bushes, all mulched to keep them safe from the cold. All was silent and wellÉ except for the young chickens in their coop that were celebrating their first couple of days outside of her bathtub. And so was she. If someone had told Hermione seven years ago that she would be an ex-employee of the Ministry, she would have laughed in their face and deemed them mad before running off to her next meeting. Had another person told her that she'd have an extensive vegetable patch with chickens and live with no neighbours for kilometres, she would have argued with them that she'd never leave her central London flat. But she had, and here she was. Life had a way of adjusting her priorities while simultaneously crumbling all of her expectations about how her plans would turn out until it was nothing but dust. Ash. It had been hard to see initially, but now she knew of the beauty in the breakdown. The joy found in discovering her true self and restoring her strength, courage, and determination. It had been necessary. Hermione had cleared away the rot and negative decay of her old life to create the space needed for new growth. And she had grown. She was still growing. Hermione turned when her wards notified her of both the end of her quiet time and the arrival of someone she hadn't expected. Daphne Greengrass-Thomas. She was dressed in layers due to the chill in the air, but not enough to hide the fact that she was five months pregnant and irritated with everyone. Hermione didn't blink twice when she stormed out the door armed with a fork and a pie. She thought even less about her mood when Daphne sat on the magical swing with a huff and began aggressively eating while it slowly brought her to Hermione's side. Recognition dawned when the swing stopped and she actually looked at said pie. It was rhubarb. "I made that for Pi Day." The serrated glare Hermione received in return told her that she would be making another. She sighed in resignation. "Did you at least bring me a fork?" As it turned out, Daphne did. Apparently, she was in the mood to share both the food (that wasn't hers to begin with) and her feelingsÑthe latter still more of a shock than the former. In the years since Daphne had eloped with Dean in a move no one had seen coming, she hadn't been one to share her innermost thoughts and internalised everything. But then her entire world had flipped upside down when she found out about her pregnancy and lost her sister within the same week. The combination had shaken her to the very core, and she'd emerged from the aftermath as someone more inclined to share. Which was where Hermione came in. Probably due to needing an outlet or at the direction of her therapist, sometimes she would show up and sit on Hermione's swing. Sometimes she talked. Sometimes they sat in silence. She never knew why Daphne sought refuge there, but never turned her away. Today, Daphne wanted to talk. "I went to visit my nephew." "Oh?" Hermione replied in a detached manner as she forked a piece of pie. It had come out just right. "And how did that go?" Admittedly, she knew very little about Daphne's contention with the MalfoysÑin particular, NarcissaÑbut knew very well it had to do with her nephew, Scorpius. "It went so well that I'm here to keep myself from going back and yelling at every adult Malfoy. Even Draco." Hermione internally winced, but chewed while nodding along. "As it stands, it was either yelling or an emergency appointment with my therapist. You just happened to be home, and as the most sensible and least compromised by the situation, I figured I would come here. We'll sit here in silence, you'll say something wise, and the urge to yell will pass." "Is that all I need to do?" Hermione smirked at the blonde witch. "I should try that when Harry's whinging about Malfoy." Daphne rolled her eyes. "You can try, but I doubt it'll work." She looked around and chuckled. "Not even the level of zen you've achieved out here with your herb garden, chickens, and isolation can ease the friction between those two." Hermione hummed in agreement. The swing took them slightly higher, feet farther from the earth. They continued sharing the pie that was still warm from the charms, though Daphne ate most of it. Silence wasn't unusual with her, but the energy Daphne gave off didn't mix with the serenity surrounding them. "You should probably relax before you talk about it," Hermione said after chewing. "I'm no doula, but I'm certain your stress affects the baby." "That's why I'm here. I think we all agree that your house is like a refuge." Which made sense because everyone ended up at her home at some given point of the day or week. Even Theo had been known to come sit in her conservatory for tea. Hermione rolled her shoulders. "Well, seeking refuge is how I ended up out here anyway." The two witches exchanged meaningful looks. It wasn't long before Daphne was ready to speak. "I know that child-rearing is one of the few aspects of pureblood culture that is exclusively matriarchal, but every time I see Scorpius' rigid routine, every time I see him bow, every time I see him withdraw, I want to shake some sense into Narcissa and tell Draco that enough is enough." Wisely, Hermione kept her mouth shut. Listened. "I know he won't." Daphne sighed. "He can't. Not now with everything happening. He has security for all the reasons he should be as paranoid as he is, but I'd like it if he did." Hermione wondered if she missed something because the pieces weren't fitting together. "If he did what exactly?" "Take the first step." March 15, 2011 In some ways, the war ended the night Voldemort fell. But in other ways, it didn't. It merely changed dimensions. History had taught Hermione that while the death of one man could start a war, it couldn't end a war. The best way to end a conflict was through absolute victory, for them to push to the finish without letting up and never let the enemy hide and recover. That should have happened when several Death Eaters had escaped and scattered following the Battle of Hogwarts. But it didn't. The Ministry didn't have the power or the numbers to round up all the Death Eaters. So many witches and wizards were dead or missing, tortured or traumatised, too young to understand the enormity of the task before them and the grit needed to push themselves through the hard time and prevail. Harry included. Shacklebolt, as Interim Minister, had tried to organise a mission to strike the final blow, but during the post-war chaos, the newly-reformed Wizengamot had quietly stripped the position of the majority of its power by invoking an obscure, old law, which gave them power above all during times of civil unrest for up to ten years unless ended through a vote. Essentially, it turned the government into an oligarchy. A few to rule the many. Kingsley had reasoned with them to restore the power of the position, but the last Minister had been responsible for heinous war crimesÑan actual puppet to a homicidal tyrant. So, when a vote was called to repeal the law, the required two-thirds hadn't been in favour of restoring the Minister's power before the ten year deadline. Not just yet. The move wouldn't have been an issue had they learned from their history and not made the same mistakes as their predecessors, had they remembered how damaging it was to ignore a problem rather than face it head on. But instead of supporting Shacklebolt's attempts to capture the escaped Death Eaters, they overruled everything he tried to do, offering only a small bandage to fix the gaping hole in their world and making no effort to cauterise the wound. It shouldn't have come as a surprise to anyone when, rather than drop the Interim from his title two years after the war, Kingsley Shacklebolt had announced that he was retiring. Effective immediately. News of his exit had spread far and wide, and criticism of the Ministry quickly followed. The Wizengamot had asked him to reconsider, but his mind was already made up. Disillusioned after their many rejections and tired after losing so many of his friends, Kingsley never answered any of the media's questions about the circumstances surrounding his retirement; only Hermione when she'd stood in his empty office next to Harry and asked about his future plans. She'd expected something cliched like travelling or visiting his family. What she got instead was: "I've always wanted to be a beekeeper." To her surprise, Kingsley bought a small patch of land and did just that. Their paths hadn't crossed again until Hermione began experiencing root problems for the first time soon after she'd expanded her vegetable patch. Neville had given her a book on the benefits of honey that had a note with an address and an appointment time tucked inside. From the book, Hermione had learned just how little she knew about honeyÑnamely, that it was a solution to her problem. From Kingsley, she'd found a willing supplier. His farm wasn't very large, and only a nice walk away from his house. He had a total of nine hives: two were new since her last visit in March and a third needed rehab before the honey would be viable. Hermione brought money for the jars of honey he provided, but he never took it, so she started bringing him vegetables instead. Bartering. That day, she brought onions, broccoli, rhubarb, garlic, morel mushrooms, and his favouriteÑliquorice wands. Together, they sat outside, enjoying both their sweets and the tepid humidity that preceded the storm rolling in from the south. Hermione could see the wooden hive boxes in his growing apiary that was protected from wildlife by various deterrent wards whose slight shimmer she could make out if she squinted. She kept her jacket on, but not buttoned, while she relaxed in his comfortable outdoor chair and put her feet on the stool in front of her. Kingsley still wore his purple beekeeping coverall, but had his veil up so he could enjoy his sweets. "The bees are quiet today." Kingsley broke the peaceful silence between them. "I think the storm coming will be a bad one. You should take precautions with your garden." "I already have." He nodded, still looking in the distance at his bees. "Good." Silence fell once more and Hermione took the time to enjoy the breeze, watching as the trees swayed in the distance. She never intended to stay long, but did because it was peaceful and she was rarely in a rush to leave. Kingsley knew his purpose. He was no longer Minister, but he was still a fighter, a guide, and a pillar of strength. He had a confident, calming presence about him. Even when they had been fighting for their lives, high off the ground when they'd escaped from the Dursley's home with Harry, she had never once worried about whether they were going to make it. She just knew. "I'm thinking of starting a garden for my bees." Kingsley looked at her as he quirked his brow. "Any ideas?" Hermione had several and was mentally creating a low maintenance medicinal herb garden, going so far as to determine the height, width, and placement of the planters boxes. "I read somewhere that thyme, apple mint, oregano, echinacea, borage, chamomile, nasturtium, and a few others are good for keeping disease and some insects away from your bees. You'll need flowers, as well." At the recommendation, her thoughts expanded. "It would need to be large with plenty of pollen producing plants: annuals and perennials mixed in with the herbs." A brief look of confusion passed, which made her chuckle. He didn't know much about flowers. "Also, unless you have a love for gardening that I'm not privy to, it will need to be self-sufficient." "I'd like that." Kingsley had a thoughtful look on his face, taking another bite of his liquorice wand. "I trust your judgement." "It's an extensive project. Far too large for a single person." She was honoured by his faith in her, and looked forward to helping him make his vision a reality, but she had limitations. "I can ask Neville to help. He has several apprentices that would be interested in a project like this. For you." There were still plenty of people out there who wanted to live in the world that he had proposed while he was Interim Minister, a world that the Wizengamot had rejected in favour of their own. While Kingsley had been Interim, they had given him just enough support so no one could accuse them of outright neglecting the very real threat of Death Eaters after Voldemort's demise, but nothing more. And instead of snuffing out the enduring enemy of peace, the Wizengamot decided that the Ministry should focus its efforts on recovery and restoration to return their world back to normal as soon as possible. In theory, it was a good idea. Society had been shattered into so many tiny fragments that it was hard to tell what it once had beenÑlong before either war. In practice, not so much. They hadn't accounted for the societal changes brought about by war. It would take generations to fix the mess that had been made in such a short amount of time. They could pass as many laws as they wanted to assist with rebuilding, but they couldn't fix what the people had gone through. There had also been the small, very true and troubling thing about those in the WizengamotÉ They weren't elected by the people they promised to protect, acquiring their seats in a variety of ways, including inheritance. They were human, flawed, and had a different incentive for governance. One that was based on a desire to rebuild their own lives and businesses under the guise of fixing societyÉ For their own greater good. And that hadn't changed much over the years. "How is Harry doing?" Kingsley gave her a meaningful look. Because Hermione knew one of his only regrets in quitting was leaving their friend behind. "He seemed stressed the last time he was here." She took a bite of her liquorice wand and chewed. "He'sÉ Harry." She smiled with a fond shake of her head. "Still trying to do the right thing against all odds." And they were stacked against him. Hermione helped whenever she could, but he had to work with what they'd given him. Which wasn't much: just an underfunded department of weary Aurors, a task to round up all the Death Eaters, and the responsibility to partner with the Terrorism Task Force, whose leadership had been questionable at best until about a year and a half ago. "How are his efforts with the Death Eaters?" "About the same as ever," Hermione answered honestly. "But they've managed to get someone on the inside and there's a raid being planned, so I hope something pans out before Harry and Malfoy kill each other." Kingsley made a small noise, looking out in the distance at the approaching storm clouds. "I'm still trying to make sense of the reasoning behind that decision." As was she, but it wasn't her business. "However, Draco Malfoy did pass Auror training in France and was responsible for capturing Rookwood there and shutting down that particular terror cell. He crippled them." Well, that wasÉ true. Hermione swallowed her candy. "It's the least he could do. He used to be one." No judgement, just a statement of fact. Kingsley gave a contemplative hum in response. "From the accounts I've heard and the memories I've seen, it wasn't exactly by choice. It might have started that way, because of what happened to his father and the ruination of his family's name, but it didn't end that way." He stared at his partly eaten liquorice wand, talking more to himself than her. "He had no idea what he was in for." That she couldn't denyÑthe haunted and defeated look on his face when he'd hesitated to identify them at Malfoy Manor had stuck in her mind. Well, that was until the Cruciatus Curse smothered all those thoughts. "I suspect it is quite lonely to be Draco Malfoy right now. Or, at any point in his life. He's been fighting to save the future, to atone for his mistakes, but no oneÑnot even youÑcan see beyond his past." Which was a sobering thought. It humbled her. There was a tightness in her chest and a queasiness in her belly. Guilt. In her defence, Hermione hadn't thought about itÑor himÑagain until his trial. She hadn't even seen him since, only heard about him in periodic whispers over the years as her circle grew to include some of his oldest and closest friends. It was only then that someone elseÑPansy or DaphneÑmentioned him by name. But they never said much, often, or around her. At least not on purpose. They were fiercely protective of him. Hermione had learned that the hard way early on with Daphne. And then more recently with Pansy. Even in the last three months, Theo would give her a disapproving look whenever she voiced an unfavourable opinion of Malfoy as it pertained to his new working relationship with Harry. Which was something that had left her incredulously blinking when the news had broken. The world hadn't decided if Draco Malfoy was a hero, a villain, or a little of both. In France, he had been viewed as an anti-hero of sorts. Not seen much in the public, but his actions spoke loud enough. They didn't know much about either Wizarding WarÑseeing it as a British problem until the threat of the Death Eaters knocked on their door six years after the war. It had been then, when Draco Malfoy, who had secretly become an Auror, single.handedly organised the French Ministry's fight against them, driving them back where they had come from. News of his successes and the captures of high ranking Death Eaters reached her ears via the Prophet. And Harry. The media had initially been flummoxed, but then redemption stories started sprouting here and there in the subsequent years. Nothing memorable or even outside the shadow of his more famous mother, but when he returned last year in July and took over as the Head of the Terrorism Task Force, the media went wild. And when they caught wind of that, with Harry's promotion to Head of the Auror's Office last month, the old enemies would now be working togetherÉ Harry hated the exposure that it brought as much as he hated working with Draco Malfoy, who he claimed was the bane of his existence. Just like old times. "Regardless," Kingsley's calm voice cut through the silence, "I would still pay good money to see their strategy meetings." And with another chuckle, he continued enjoying his candy. Hermione scoffed. "I can safely say everyone likes Harry over Malfoy." Kingsley gave her a look. "It's not his job to be liked, Hermione. It's his job to coordinate with Harry to put an end to the Death Eaters. It's not an easy job, even if he had the tools he needed, because while people respect him in public, they spit on his name in private. Perplexing, given the universal love for his mother. Furthermore, the enemy wants to personally make an example out of him and his family. Harry should be able to empathise. Their children receive the same threats." With some hesitancy, she acknowledged that he might have a point. However, at the same time, it sometimes amazed her that thirteen years later, they were still talking about Death Eaters. It had to do with the Wizengamot's inaction, and how it led to the Death Eaters managing to regroup, rallying behind the Lestrange brothers and other survivors of Voldemort's inner circle. Attacks and murders started again not long after the final battle, disorganised initially, but as time passed and they continued to evade capture or death, their confidence and recklessness had grown. Azkaban escapes became a common occurrence again once the Dementors had been banished. The Ministry insisted they had full control of the situation and some people, desperate to believe in something after so much misery, believed them. And when the skirmishes between the partly inexperienced Aurors and the Death Eaters began to increase in both frequency and severity, the Ministry started suppressing the news. Just like before. However, unlike before, the journalists were bolder. And just when the cries of the people rose to a crescendo, all hell broke loose at Malfoy Manor on the first Christmas after the Battle of Hogwarts. Lucius Malfoy had just enough time to call in the Aurors before he died protecting his family. The ensuing battle had been such a deadly affair that once the dust settled and everyone retreated, everything stopped. The weakened Death Eaters went into hiding. And again, the opportunity for the Aurors to give chase had come. Shacklebolt had begged the Wizengamot's permission to hunt them down and snuff them out once and for all, but was overruled in favour of keeping guard of the peace they had obtained with their victory. It took one year after the battle at Malfoy Manor for the attacks to start again. That time, the Wizengamot finally decided to listen to Shacklebolt, who had already quit, and created a Terrorism Task Force to investigate the whereabouts of Death Eaters and coordinate with the Auror Department to shut each of them down. The same task force Draco Malfoy now led. In Hermione's opinion, the action came too late. The Death Eaters were more organised than ever. Their message of hate remained the same: they sought to continue Voldemort's mission of protecting the purity of blood from those deemed unworthy. Bigotry remained the silent poison of the wizarding world. But as the years passed, the Death Eaters had gotten smarter, shifting their missives to include anti-Ministry rhetoric, which drew interest from those who had been neutral during the war yet still lost everything. Those that, despite the economic boom after the war and the restoration of society, no longer trusted the Ministry. And there were plenty. Time could heal some wounds, but not all. Memories were not so easily forgotten. They were unique: the more powerful the memory, the harder they imprinted themselves on someone's souls. And the memories of the Ministry's past failings were etched next to the names of those they had lost, those who were broken, and those who were still struggling. Kingsley cleared his throat. "A little bird told me that they offered you a position to lead the Investigation Department." It was still funny that Kingsley knew more than she did about the inner workings of the Ministry most of the time. She wondered who his source was. "It seems they are trying to fast track you up the Magical Law Enforcement ladder." So that was the position they were offering? Hermione scoffed. "I never looked. I just declined." At that, Kingsley chuckled, shaking his head, humoured by the stubbornness he knew all too well. "I was only just beginning to make the transition between the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures and into Magical Law Enforcement when I quit." She rolled her eyes with a small smile on her face. "Not only am I not qualified, I'm also not interested." Kingsley side-eyed her. "I'm fairly certain you're more qualified than anyone in that department. You don't need experience to lead, Hermione. I think the current state of the Ministry can attest to that." "You could go back to change that." She gave him a challenging look of her own as the suggestion she had only ever thought about in the privacy of her own mind slipped out before she could rein it back in. "There are people who still support you. I still support you. Harry does, too. You could restore order. Percy is looking up old laws that would restore power to the Minister. There's a way." Initially, he didn't respond, finishing the last bit of his liquorice wand. "I quite like my bees." "Who says you can't have both?" Kingsley considered her words. "What about you, Hermione?" "What about me?" "You would make an excellent Minister for Magic one day, should you ever decide to return. I've always thought that about you, and it has very little to do with your brilliance. It's about your moral code, your compassion, and your determination to make things right." He paused as if choosing his words wisely. "I understand your reasons for leaving, just as you have been understanding of mineÉ" She glanced at him sceptically. "I feel there is a 'but' coming." Kingsley laughed to himself, shoulders shaking with humour. "Nothing ever gets past you, does it? Your observation skills are as keen as ever." He shook his head, as if answering his own question. "I do wonder if your hesitance to return has little to do with the powers that be and more to do with fear ofÉ perhaps a second failure?" When she said nothing in response, only stared out in the distance, he reached over and tapped the arm of her chair in an act of attempted comfort. "It's okay to be afraid, Hermione. But you know what isn't okay? Letting that fear stop you." Hermione reflected on his words for several long minutes. "I don't consider my time at the MinistryÑor even what happened that led me to quitÑa failure. I have zero regrets, both about leaving or failing to return. I think what happened gave me the perspective I needed to sort my priorities and acknowledge the truth that I'm just as human as anyone else. It allowed me to set my own course and help people who need it along the way, which is what I do now at the hospital." "Have you figured out where you're going yet?" She thought about her current commitments, ruminating over the offer she hadn't humoured and the case Theo seemed so keen on her accepting. For the first time in longer than she could recall, Hermione had no idea where she was going. "No, but if I'm lucky, maybe I'll know where I'm going when I get there." Everything must have a beginningÉ And that beginning must be linked to something that went before. Mary Shelley Chapter End Notes A/N: The title is inspired by these quotes: "The measure of a man is what he does with power." - Plato "The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy." -Martin Luther King Jr. "Of all things the measure is Man, of the things that are, that they are, and of the things that are not, that they are not."-Protagoras Art for this chapter: Netflix Edit by petalsfordraco& Moam Hermione by Camiiie4 & Theo in his office by meriyart Chapter2:Pay It Forward Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Two Pay It Forward March 16, 2011 Hermione's father was a quiet, pragmatic man. His love of whisky, jazz music, and painting did not align with his conservative nature. Before a Hogwarts representative delivered the letter that would alter the course of Hermione's life, she spent her early evenings watching her dad work on his labour of love. His craft. After a long day, he would change into dungarees, pour himself a finger of whisky, and retreat to his art room while her mum prepared dinner from her Julia Child's cookbookÑ substituting ingredients she couldn't be bothered with. Her phone was always pressed to her ear as she chatted away with friends near and far; her laughter shook the cord that spiralled and stretched across the kitchen. Hermione would change into comfortable clothes and sit with her feet tucked under herself in the armchairÑalways with a book of some sort. Her dad would ask her about her day, as it pertained to her grades and assignments, and let her prattle on while he prepared his paints and provided the appropriate feedback. Hermione knew that conversation was over when he sipped his drink for the first time, turned on the old record player he'd had since university, and picked up his paintbrush. Her father had never taken a single lesson. And it showed. His work was terrible, but he never cared. Neither did she. What kept Hermione coming back every day was something that happened at the strangest of times. It had nothing to do with the whisky; she wasn't old enough to drink anyway. Nothing to do with the music; she didn't like jazz the same way she didn't like Celestina Warbeck. And he wasn't a skilled painter, but sometimes, when her dad was absorbed in the murky undertones of a piano as the saxophone and singer soothed his soul, sipping that glass of amber liquor, he would make broad strokes with his paintbrush and do something unusual: talk. Not about anything in particular, just whatever came to mind. Unless a football game was on, her dad was a quiet and thoughtful man, not social by any means, with only a few close friends. Always thinking and enjoying the solace of his own mind until he was ready to interact with the rest of the world, it was difficult to get to know him. It was those little glimpses of openness that stuck with Hermione over the years. She kept them in her heart and leveraged them during the long Horcrux hunt. It was in those moments she felt like she knew her dad best. He mostly gave advice about life: Stay true to yourself. Don't ever stop learning and growing. Things she would remember for years: Create certainty but leave room for the unexpected. He told her about her grandparents who had died before she was born: You have my mother's hair and my father's spirit. He told stories about her mum from while they were dating: Your mother sat next to me in school and talked incessantly. I only kissed her the first time to shut her up. He sometimes told her stories of herself from before she could remember: When you were upset, all the cabinet doors would open and shut. I think we always knew you were special. But on very rare occasions, he talked about nothing that ended up being something. "Love is never what we expect it to be." She remembered one summer while Billie Holliday played on the record player. "It's bizarre, enigmatic, and doesn't make sense to anyone. Why do you think so many people write songs on the subject? Change their lives for it?" Now that her parents were retired, and their lucrative practice was sold, her dad still painted and listened to jazz on the same record player when they weren't travelling. But he no longer showed her bits of himself. No longer told her stories. Not like he once had. It was yet another thing that time and the ever-growing distance between Hermione and her parents had changed. But his silence hadn't stopped her from sitting with him during her visits; it hadn't stopped her from watching him like she once had, with a book on her lap as she listened to the music she still didn't care for as an adult. It didn't stop her from waiting for another opportunity to see him. Her father's skills had improved greatly now that he had more time to devote to his craftÉ and had actually begun taking classes. His style was a mix of abstract, geometric, layered designs that he'd just started showing their friends instead of binning. He'd even sold one or two. He'd never offered one of his paintings and she never asked. Just like all the others, the painting session that day ended with her mother calling them for dinner. Hermione ate with them monthly to keep her family from completely crumbling at her feet. How had they come to this? Actually, she knew. It started when she returned their memories and tearfully tried to explain everything, including why they were in Australia, of all places. While they understood the reason for her choice and forgave her, they chose to stay in Australia. Their only form of communication was monthly phone calls where they would politely ask her to visit and Hermione would politely decline. She knew they didn't mean it. They returned to England six years ago to help her sort through her own crisis, but the damage was already done. The divide between them was too great. Still, Hermione kept diligently trying, carrying the hope that one day she would finish construction on the bridge that would close the distance between them. Tonight's meal consisted of roasted chicken and a boiled cabbage she'd grown in her garden. Her mother wasn't the best cook. She hated following recipes and often left out vital ingredients. Sometimes her alterations worked, but other times, like tonight, they didn't. Her dad was used to it; his palate had adjusted over the years, so he ate his dry chicken and overcooked cabbage without complaint. Like a dutiful daughter, Hermione followed suit, but made sure to leave plenty of room for dessert. That was where her mother excelled, and Hermione was keen on her bread and butter pudding. "Next time you come for dinner," her mother said as they ate, "make sure you pick a day Ron can come with you. He's such a sweet man and quite amusing." She chuckled in a motherly sort of way that reminded her of Mrs Weasley when she was thinking about something pleasant. "I think he loves my dessert as much as he loves you." And that was the subject of their biggest disagreement to date. "Mum," Hermione groaned while cutting into her chicken. "We're just friends." That was all they would ever be. She and Ron had reached the point where they had been apart longer than they had been together, yet her mother still hadn't let it go. In truth, neither had Ron, which complicated matters further as their lives were heavily entwined. He was her best friend, his family was like her own, and therefore, he would always be an important part of her life. Just not in the way he wanted. It had taken three years for Hermione to realise that, in addition to the fact that they weren't well-suited and had wildly different interests and opinions on basically everything, Ron wanted her in a box that she couldn't fit in. A box where he could take out the parts that he loved about her and leave the rest. He was traditional. He wanted her to take on those roles that she had no interest in. And she wanted a partner, not a project. Hermione grew tired of apologising for who she was and stifling herself to avoid arguments. Even with the knowledge that no relationship was perfect, Hermione had a nagging feeling that she was settling rather than compromising. And it ate at her. It ate at her until she stopped trying to force herself to fight for something she didn't actually want in the end. "I know, but he was so good for you." Hermione did not agree. When she glanced over at her father, who continued chewing while pretending to be engaged, she swore she saw just a hint of his disagreement, too. It was hard to tell, but for the purpose of her ongoing efforts to keep the peace, she changed the subject. "How was Morocco?" She listened as her mother told stories of their trip while her father provided the occasional comment that usually involved correcting her mild exaggerations with a fond look on his face. It was her mother's way, after all. She had always been sharp and lively, even more so now that she was older. She talked with her hands, and though she appeared wrapped up in her stories, her mother always kept an eye out for their reactions. "We're going to Greece in early June. We're going to stay by the water." They travelled a lot now that they had the time and financial freedom. They always went somewhere warm by the water because years in Australia had spoiled them for it. "That sounds lovely." Her mum served her dad another helping of chicken. "When was the last time you took a vacation?" Hermione scratched her temple. "I went to Madrid with a few friends." Over three years agoÑbefore Ginny was too far along with Lily to travel. "That's nice." Her father nodded as he took a drink of water. "Travelling is good for your health." And he left it at that. Dinner progressed and Hermione forced a smile at their stilted attempts at making conversationÑnot knowing what they could discuss and what had been deemed off limits. It felt like she was sharing a meal with strangers, chatting about bland, predictable topics like the weather, her mum's wine tasting event with her friends the next day, her dad's growing interest in bird watching, and Hermione's plans for expanding a garden her parents still hadn't been to her house to see. Though she hated the distance, it was better than the alternative of not seeing them at all. She grinned and bore the awkwardness, while knowing and accepting her own fault in the breakdown. As the only witch in their family, her parents had once held a certain level of trust in her. Trust that she wouldn't use magic to cheat the system, to solve every little problem, or hurt those with no way to fight backÑno matter if that pain was caused by her wand or her actions. And she'd irreparably broken that trust when she'd altered their memories. They had forgiven her. But therapy taught her that forgiveness wasn't the end of the process; it was the beginning of a new relationship, which continued to be shaped by the very actions that had needed forgiving in the first place. Subtle hints of their wariness were harsh reminders of the road to reconciliation she was still navigating. Humility was something Hermione was still working on, and not letting her guilt blind her to the progress she had made was difficult. But that didn't stop the intrusive thoughts. Or the fear that this terrible thing will always linger between themÑlike a bacterium infecting her plants that only made its presence known too late: with yellowing leaves and wilt. But then she had to remind herself that healing took time. When that happened in her garden, she had to take extra care with each plant. In the end, her crops were healthier for the work she put into preservation. More resilient. She had to utilise that same care plan with her parents. Hermione was laying the groundwork with each dinner, each visit, and every interaction. She knew she had to be patient, keep coming for dinners, offering yields from her garden for her mum to experiment with, and watching her dad paint. It was up to her to keep the gate of communication open so they could come in, should they choose. Maybe, one day, they would choose to enter and stay. Until then, she would keep working. When dinner concluded, Hermione helped her mother with the dishes while her dad wiped down the countertops and put away the extras. He finished first, gave her mum a quick kiss, and Hermione a hug before disappearing into the sitting room to watch a bit of telly. With the sound of a football match as background music, they worked together, Hermione washing and her mum organising each dish in the dishwasher she had to have, but only used for drying. "Your dad is concerned for you," her mum said as she grouped the forks together. "He doesn't think it's good that you're alone so far out in the country." Her dad? Concerned? She couldn't tell. "I like the peace. I can Floo or Apparate anywhere I need to go." Her mother pulled a face, much like she always did when she used wizarding terminology. "Why can't you opt for some place closer to the city? There are plenty of options in Surrey. You would be closer to us, if anything should happen. It would ease his worries." "My vegetable patch wouldn't fit." Her parents would understand that if they visited, but she bit her tongue on the matter. Hermione lived in a cottage too large for one person on land she protected under wards. The closest wizarding town was Godric's Hollow, and it wasn't close at all. There was not a neighbour in sight. Her house had been dilapidated when the realtor reluctantly showed it to her, but she'd only seen charm and potential. She'd loved it at first sight. The land alone was worth the purchase price; the work needed on the structure was extensive. At the time, her parents had thought the purchase was foolish, as she'd just quit her job at the Ministry, but Hermione had more than enough to cover it. She had converted half of her Gringotts vault into pounds and used it to pay off the loan and the contractors for their work. Between her extensive savings from years of being thrifty and leftover war compensation funds, she was even left with enough to live comfortably, albeit modestly, for years to come. In truth, she could have done the repairs and modifications with magic, but watching the renovations progress gave her something to focus on. They tore out unseen rot and carefully carved away the original stone, rebuilding it to the point where the outside looked the same, but the inside was all new. It was a metaphor she couldn't ignore. The vegetable patch had originally been a therapy assignment she'd started not long after construction finished to occupy her time and manage her stress. Her house had not yet been furnished when Neville came by with a few young plants as a gift and an idea was born. Pretty soon, he was coming over weekly to show her how to build garden boxes, cultivate the land, and show her what to plant and where to plant it. Then she'd started reading books and planning. It gave her purpose. After her first harvest, she and Neville sat in the pasture past her garden and gorged themselves on unwashed tomatoes. And when she'd shed cathartic tears, he hadn't judged her. He'd let her cry and reminded her that it was the first of many harvests to come. Hermione's house meant more to her than she could convey, and she hated that her parents didn't understand. So, she kept washing dishes, forearm-deep in warm, sudsy water when her mother revisited the topic Hermione thought she had properly circumvented. "I meant what I said about Ron, you should bring him when you come next time. More than that, you should reconsider him." "You've made your opinion about that quite clear over the last six years." Just because Hermione was trying to mend the gap didn't mean she would stifle herself on that particular topic. "I'll keep saying it until you listen. You won't find anyone better, not with the sort of life you live." It wasn't said to be offensive or hurtful, it was just a fact in her mother's eyes. "Your work is very involved, Hermione. No manÑwizard or notÑwill understand your level of commitment to your patients like he does." Hermione almost laughed but passed the plate she'd just washed instead before starting on the cups. Ron had just gotten to the point in his life where he'd found his own footing outside of his large and now-distinguished family, but because he'd had to share so much in his younger years, he never liked sharing her. He was always insecure about his rank and role in her life. Now that they were broken up and he was working with George to develop new products for the ever-expanding joke shop, and now that she was no longer on track to become the youngest Minister of Magic, he seemed more settled around her. Not as irritated when people sought her out over him. Now that she wasn't so busy or important, Ron wanted to try again, as though her schedule had been the proximate cause of their breakup from the start. It wasn't. Rather than provide her mother with a detailed character analysis on Ron, Hermione opted for a response that would throw herself into a deeper pit, but at least it would be a different one. "You're right. My commitment is to my work. In fact, I'm so committed that I'm not looking for anything right now." "You're not getting any younger." Hermione narrowed her eyes. Pot meet kettle. Her mother hadn't been much younger when Hermione was born. "I believe you wanted to have a career first. I'm just like you in that respect." It would be a cold day in hell before her mother would ever admit that Hermione was right. "While I love Harry's children, I'd like to have my own grandchildren at some point." "I'll have to meet the right person for that." Little did her mother know Theo was trying to convince her to take on a potential five-year contract, which meant that was unlikely in the near future. "I believe you already have." "Is that so?" Hermione rolled her eyes. Her mother had always been very clever at guiding a conversation in the direction of her choosing. She passed her the final cup to rinse. "We'll have to agree to disagree." "For now." Once her mum finished arranging everything, she shut the dishwasher and put on the electric kettle for tea. Hermione brought ginger tea after her mum complained of a stomach ache during their phone call last night. She sat at the table and her mother joined her after drying her hands and pouring the boiling water into the teapot. Tea first. Dessert second. Her mother looked over her shoulder at the kettle before she stiffly asked, "How are you?" Mentally was the unspoken word at the end of her question. Trust issues aside, she was still her mother and she always worried. As the daughter of a doctor and a dentist herself, mental health wasn't a taboo subject for her mother. However, it was one that she approached with caution. Not that it mattered. It was just another sore topic neither wanted to discuss. The mention put Hermione on edge, but she kept her response simple. "I'm fine." "You're not working too hard, are you?" "No, Mum. My assignment ended last week so I'm currently between patients." "Good." Her dad's complaints over the game filtered in from the sitting room. Arsenal must have been losing again. Hermione smirked, reminded of Ron and his love for the always-losing Cannons. The kettle whistled and her mother went to make tea for them both. Hermione rested her hand on her arm. "Let it steep longer with the ginger root. Another ten minutes or so." With a nod, her mum took her advice. "You're making sure to eat, right?" "I am." "And sleeping?" "Eight hours a night." Hermione paused, then said, "I'm not going to fall apart, Mum." Not again. No matter how innocuous, Hermione didn't care for the reminder. Not that she could remember what had happened, but that didn't stop her from having to fend off endless questions, concerns and worriesÑnot just from her mother, but from those closest to her. The entire incident was like a dream, an encounter that had happened to someone else. Hermione thought she could push herself to the brink and still maintain control. She believed herself to be invincible when, in fact, she was only human. Learning that lesson had been humbling. "I know you won't. You've been doing well." Her mother started to reach for her, but faltered, placing one hand on top of her other. Hermione thought about completing the action and reaching for her, too, but hesitation was currently her best friend, so she didn't. "You look like you've lost weight." "I haven't." "Okay, but I still worry, Hermione." "I'm fine." FrustrationÑmainly at herselfÑslipped past her lips during an unguarded moment. She regretted it instantly. Her mother's face darkened as she straightened in her chair. Chastened, Hermione sighed. "I'm sorry, I justÑ" Her mother held up a hand. "I pushed too hard." "It's not that, Mum. Thank you for your concern. Everything is fine. I'm taking care of myself." "Are you still attending therapy sessions?" "As neededÉ and I haven't needed to in a while." A moment of silence passed before she nodded. "AndÉ the threats?" "There was another one this past week." Because one of their terms had been full disclosure, her parents knew all about them. "It was an escalation from their normal methods." Worry etched its way across her face. "And the werewolf? Should we be concerned?" While Hermione had told them about Greyback and the personal threat he posed, she hadn't divulged everythingÉ especially not about the periodic howls she heard on the full moon near her home. No one knew about those. She shook the thought from her head. "No. The Ministry is handling it." "Last I remembered, you didn't trust them." No, she didn't. Hermione trusted herself and her own skills. She had a layer of wards over her parents' house that made it practically impenetrable. Should anything less than human manage to breach them, she would be alerted. The same wards existed over her own home and surrounding land. It was one of the reasons she didn't worry as much as she probably should. Satisfied, her mother visibly relaxed and gave a sarcastic chuckle. "Well, if anything changes and our lives are being threatened, be sure to let us know before you modify our memories this time." It was meant to be a joke, Hermione knew that. An attempt at making light of a tense situation. But it burned. March 18, 2011 Brewing Wolfsbane was a complicated task, both draining and tedious. The ingredients were not cheap or easily accessible, but Hermione brewed batch after batch each month for Padma's patients and any wolf that came to her clinic in the Alternative Healing department seeking the potion. Hermione had not played any part in passing the Pro-Werewolf laws that made it a crime to discriminate against them for any reason. However, the Wizengamot had dragged her into the spectacle when they signed it into law. Additionally, they'd invited the media and Andromeda, who had been told to bring Teddy (the son of a werewolf) along for the occasion. Like props, they had all been there to make the powers that be look good. And they needed her to do that. They had taken great care to spin the story to look as if the law was made possibleÑnot by the tireless efforts of the entire teamÑbut because of the Champion of People, Beast, and Beings alike Hermione Granger. She had been the one forced to take the stage, front and centre. She had been the one smiling for the cameras while shaking hands with the Minister and Chief Warlock, Tiberius McLaggen. She had played her role and pretended not to feel guilty about it. Pretended that no one sneered at her back. Not that it mattered. Laws, even ones as clear as the Pro-Werewolf articles, were easy to circumvent with moderate effort. The Ministry made them difficult to enforce. Unless explicit proof was provided, discrimination accusations were deemed hearsay or speculation, and thus were considered damaging to someone's reputation. It was something that kept a lot of the cases out of the ears of the Wizengamot and within their small committees where they either settled or dropped the cases for various reasons. Instead of evicting a person because of their status and registration, they could be evicted for contamination concerns. Or because they didn't have a regular source of Wolfsbane. Or for any number of reasons. Quietly, the Wizengamot hadn't passed the only beneficial aspect of the law, which would have made the Ministry responsible for providing Wolfsbane to all lycanthropesÑfor free. That would have been too right, made things too easy for people treated as sub-human. And that was why Hermione brewed as much as she could each month. Each vial truly made a difference. Unlike the fake laws, pretend tolerance, and false smiles for the media they tried to control, brewing was the real solution. And required real work. Hermione would do more if she could, but she had limits. Padma's patientsÑwho hadn't answered the call of the Death Eaters who promised a better life under their regimeÑwere appreciative of the potion that allowed them to work and live normally. Which was all that mattered. "The full moon is tomorrow." Padma gave Hermione a long look before she prepared for her next group, waving her wand to neutralise the scent of other wolves from the air. They were especially sensitive in the days before the full moon. "Do you want someone to stay?" Hermione counted the leftovers. She usually made forty. Today there were thirty left and Padma had two more group sessions of no more than six wolves in each, which was right around the normal. "I'll be home by moonrise. My wards are strong and there won't be any issues." "I know, but if you want company, I can stay." Her brown eyes lit up. "You can help me pick flowers for the wedding." There was an entire list of things Hermione wanted to do more. She chuckled at Padma's rare show of blatant enthusiasm. "I have a vegetable garden and a working knowledge of flowers as they pertain to pollinating, but I'm no expert outside of what's aesthetically pleasing." "I know, but Neville is busy with his students, Parvati has wild ideas, and Cho will be busy." "And Blaise? He's your fiancŽ after all." "Blaise Zabini? Picking floral arrangements. Willingly?" Padma laughed and Hermione joined in. The mental image of a bewildered Blaise deciding between lilacs, amaryllis, and carnations was hilarious. "Admittedly, he has good taste, but he's been threatening elopement so often I feel this would drive him over the edge." "Fear of your grandmother alone will keep him in line." "She has a Bat-Bogey hex that makes Ginny's look amateur." They both laughed and returned to their tasks, dropping into silence to focus. Soon, Hermione disrupted it. "Are you coming tonight?" Every other Friday, they gathered at her house. Witches only. "Yes. Parvati, too, and is it okay if I bring Cho?" "That's fine." Hermione didn't feel one way or the other about Cho Chang, but she was Padma's best friend and was slowly becoming a regular at their events. Much to Pansy's annoyance. "PadÑoh, Hermione, you're here." Susan popped her head into the room, looking harried, yet perfectly composed. "Great. I know you're not floating this week, but I need help with a patient Auror and Task Force versus Death Eaters in a skirmish in Chesterfield. One dead, one missing, two critical, and six injured." There was a pauseÉ then they sprang into action, but Padma stopped herself. "I have a Group Session in fifteen minutes. I can't leave a room full of werewolves together the night before a full moon for any length of time." No, she absolutely could not. A fight would likely break out. Padma unclipped her potions holster and put it around Hermione's waist. "Any wolf bites, Susan?" "No." Hermione summoned her trusty beaded bag and exchanged an equally relieved look with Padma. Greyback hadn't been set free. Yet. While not the full moon, there was always an alarming number of people bitten either just before or after. Almost as if it were on purpose. Hermione pulled out her vial of dittany. "Is Harry out there?" "No, he wasn't there, but I suppose he'll be around soon, along with Malfoy. The fatality was a Task Force member." She paused in her efforts to find the potions in her bag. "Killing Curse?" "Yes," Susan said. "The most critical is a dagger wound laced with poison. The same one you cured Molly Weasley from." Hermione's eyes widened, then she doubled her efforts, snatching her wand while on the move. She barely said goodbye to Padma before hurrying out with Susan, who walked as she talked. "It's been thirty minutes since he was stabbed. I called someone from Plant Poisoning up to assist." Good move, but that was to be expected, Susan was an excellent planner. "They brought the blade in case it's not the same poison they've been using. Do you have the antidote?" Hermione handed Susan her bag while she put her hair up in a messy bun. "One vial, but there are more in my office, if you don't mind." "Of course." "Anything else I need to know?" "He's young." Very young, as it turned out. Barely out of Hogwarts and not-so trained. Yet another story of the life of the underfunded Auror's Office and Task Force team. He was tall, broad, blond, and close to death. Hermione couldn't tell which posed more of a threat: the dagger wound or the poison. That was about as far as she got when she shed her sweaterÑso she wouldn't ruin another oneÑand got to work. Hermione, who didn't wear a uniform or a badge, had no time for names or introductions. The other Aurors in the room must have recognised her from both her own fame and her lunch visits with Harry because no one stopped her. Also likely because the injured wizard was frothing at the mouth, bleeding from a chest wound, and hallucinating about a dead relative. The poison had a firm grip. It took two uninjured Aurors, a Mediwitch, and Hermione literally sitting on his legs to hold him down long enough for Susan, who had returned just in time, to get the first round of antidote down his throat. Then something for pain. Then Blood Replenishing. Then Dreamless Sleep. He would need it. It wasn't long before she had his bloody robes torn open, blood on her gloved hands and splattered on the floor around her. Susan followed her every move, making expert seals with her wand as Hermione carefully dripped dittany into the wound, closing as much of it as she could. They worked in silence, so familiar with each other that Hermione knew what Susan would do and what she needed before she uttered a request. And vice versa. Hermione felt the cooling sensation tingle her skin, vanishing the sweat from her brow. "Thanks." "Anytime." Susan returned to her task, remaining silent until the gashes were closed. He would have a scar, but he wouldn't die from the wound. With this poisonÉit was too soon to tell. "I'll run diagnostic charms for any internal damage." Hermione stood back while Susan worked, removing her gloves and using her wand to cleanse the patient's body of blood and dirt. Susan finished her charms and reached for the enchanted parchment with the results. She winced, but if Hermione knew anything about the witch, it was that Susan wasn't as much of a pessimist as she should have beenÑgiven all the relatives she'd lost to Voldemort. "The poison's pretty advanced, but the dagger missed everything vital. If we can keep him stable through the twelve antidote rounds, he should live." A brunette Mediwitch peeked in and looked at Hermione. "Harry Potter would like a status update on this patient." "Critical, but stable." "Healer Bones, Harry and the Task Force leader would like to speak to you about the deceased Task Force team member. They need to inform his family." Task Force leader? What an odd way to address Draco Malfoy, given the informal way she referred to Harry. "Right, of course." Susan placed the charmed parchment on the table and sighed. The excitement of their success with one patient quickly turned into a reminder of a failure and loss of life. There was nothing she could have done, but still, it never got easier. When she passed, Hermione rested a hand on her shoulder. Susan nodded in return. "See you tonight, yeah?" "Who's turn is it to bartend? If it's Pansy, hell no. She's heavy-handed and I like to not be miserable for the next week." Hermione burst out laughing; she had a point. "No, it's Ginny's turn." It showed every bit of her weariness from an obviously long day, but Susan smirked. "I'll be late, but I'll be there." Ginny had three kids under the age of eight. So, in essence, she had three jobs. Her first was Mum, wife, short-order cook, and peacekeeper (the four positions were intertwined and paid exactly the sameÑabsolutely nothing), her second was Quidditch reporter (that paid exceedingly well), and her last (but second-most important job) was barmaid. Like an excellent barmaid, Ginny had a stiff and suspiciously fruity drink waiting for Hermione when she finally made it home. "Oh, thank goodness." Without uttering a greeting, she drank it in three gulps, noting with a grimace that the liquor hadn't burned like it should, which didn't bode well for the rest of her evening. Or her morning tomorrow. She hadn't brewed any hangover potion in months. But that didn't stop Hermione from placing the empty glass down and nodding for another. It was their Friday night ritual, one that had begun out of necessity for Ginny, who needed a few hours away from her kids for the sake of her sanity. Harry kept them on Friday nights and she kept them on Saturdays when he wanted to go out with his mates. Over the years, their ritual had grown. Expanded. Now, it included extra people. Luna, when she wasn't travelling the world for work. Daphne, Padma, Susan, and ParvatiÑwhen they weren't busy. And Pansy, but only when she promised to play nice with their latest addition: Cho. Pansy didn't come often. "That bad?" Ginny asked. Hermione sat on the barstool, placing her elbows on the white granite, head bowed in her hands. "I went to drop off Wolfsbane and ended up helping out after the ambush." "Ah, Harry told me about that. One dead and one missing. Stan Mathers. He was just getting home from breaking the news to his parents when I was preparing to come here. He said you saved a young Auror who got stabbed with a poisoned dagger." She nodded. "Same poison as the one that damaged your mum's hands. They've managed to fuse it into the blade itself. Nasty bit of magic. Unnatural. He almost died." Hermione frowned. "Susan said Malfoy took it to the Department of Mysteries for them to run tests. I was too busy saving the Auror's life, but IÑI don't even remember his name." "Alan Cottleback." When Hermione eyed her, Ginny shrugged, her answer the same for everything that concerned Auror business. "Harry told me. Also told me to say thank you." "I was doing my job." "On your holiday." Hermione shrugged and accepted the drink Ginny offered. "Did you miss dinner with your parents?" It was a brave question. Ginny knew exactly how little Hermione wanted to discuss her parents. And yet she brought them up whenever the opportunity arose. Hermione gulped her drink down without uttering a response. Her silence would have to do. She wasn't a heavy drinker, but tonight she needed the reprieve. "I didn't," she confessed with a sigh. "We had dinner the night before last, but it didn't go well." "Like normal then." Ginny reached across the bar and patted her on the top of her lowered head in a dry, compassionate way that made Hermione chuckle. It took little convincing for her to talk about the visit. The conversation with her mum had remained on her mind since she'd made an excuse to leave before dessert. It warped and replayed like a scratched record. By the time Hermione finished, Ginny was cringing. "You definitely need another." Then she dipped out of sight behind the island and re-emerged with a fresh bottle of Ogden's before beginning her complicated mixing process. Hermione observed, but could never comprehend. Having inherited Molly's love for cooking, Ginny was at home in any kitchen. She'd helped with the layout and didn't comment whenever Hermione rearranged during bouts of stress. The stone flag flooring, white walls, ceiling lights, island's granite (that didn't match the treated wood on the rest of the countertops), and distressed wood beams that ran into the sitting room could be attributed to Ginny's ideas. Hermione couldn't even take credit for the sage green cabinets mixed with open shelves that ran along the wall with the stove, or the butler sink beneath the window that overlooked her garden and the land beyondÑeven those had been part of Pansy's vision. The only thing she could say was her idea alone was the windowsill lined with pots of regularly used herbs. It didn't matter. The space suited Hermione, which was great because when she wasn't brewing potions, working through her infinite reading list, overseeing patients, or gardening, she was cooking. After a few small fires and failures, she'd found a new hobby. "Time for a different topic." Hermione rested her chin in her hand. "How was your day?" Ginny's answer was a sarcastic glance followed by an amused chuckle. "I'm happy it's Friday. Before I left, Lily bit James because he kept putting his hands in her face after she told him to stop. Al still hates Nursery School and is already upset about returning on Monday. In conclusion, there are a lot of tears and hurt feelings happening at my house right now." She grinned. "Harry's thriving." Or crying with them. "Fun times." Ginny's mouth quirked into a fond smile; chaos and all, she obviously wouldn't have it any other way. "Indeed." After shaking everything in the ice-filled tumbler one last time, she flashed a smile that spelled intent. "Any plans tomorrow?" "No." She already knew what Ginny wanted. "I'll probably spend the day gardening with Al." "Thanks. I'll bring him by in the morning." Truthfully, they didn't need to ask, but every other week one of them would. And Hermione let them. At five, Albus was the shiest of the three Potter kids, scared of anything too large, and tended to melt into the background when mixed in with his more boisterous, chaos-inspiring siblings Ñand cousins. Despite being anxious to the point of tears around strange adults, in small, controlled environments, Al thrived. After daily tantrums and tears, Harry and Ginny realised that the sensory overload of his siblings exhausted him. They asked her to keep him every other SaturdayÑjust so he could get awayÑwhile they worked at home to give him the peace he needed between visits. He seemed happier during his visits, more inclined to talk, laugh, joke, and ask an array of random questions while he played with the chickens or helped pull weeds. Al was an excellent weed-puller. He enjoyed the quiet of the open pasture behind her gate and the walks they took on sunny days, each time venturing farther from the house and closer to the forest he feared. One day, they would make it. One day, he would stand at the edge of the forest and realise there was nothing to fear. Hermione would be right there, holding his hand when he decided to take his first steps in. When he stopped being afraid. "Where's Luna?" Hermione asked. Ginny poured the mixture into the glass and pushed it towards her. "Argentina." "I thought she was supposed to return today." "She had an issue with her Portkey, so she'll be back tomorrow." "Ah." Hermione nodded. "And everyone else? Susan already told me she would be late." "Parvati should be here soon. Padma's running late because she's narrowing down wedding venues with Blaise. She's bringing Cho. Pansy is upstairs deciding if she's going to be a bitch or not while measuring for your clawfoot tub." "She found one?" "Yes, she did," Pansy announced from the bottom of the stairs across the sitting room. The room was open to the kitchen, giving her the perfect sight of the drink in Hermione's hand. She gasped dramatically. "You chits started without me?" Ginny rolled her eyes so hard her head went with the motion. "Oh, for fuck's sake." She picked up the metallic shaker and gave it a shake; ice against metal rang out in the quiet room. Then, she poured a second glass as Pansy sat on the barstool next to Hermione. "Why do we tolerate you?" "Call it a matter of good taste." Ginny narrowed her eyes. "There's a compliment in there somewhere." The true answer to Ginny's question was simple in its complexity. She'd given Pansy a chance. Not as an act of compassion or forgiveness, but rather as a favour to Theo that she almost declined simply because Hermione had never liked Pansy. But they were adults, and she understood that even bullies were humans with the capacity to grow up and become better people. She'd never included Pansy in that thought before because, at the time, she hadn't given the witch a thought in years. Not since she'd shouted for someone to grab Harry so he could be offered to Voldemort to spare them all. He'd ended up doing just that on his own anyway. Hermione had principles and a strong sense of justice, but it wasn't stronger than her desire to help someone obviously in need. And Pansy had been in need. The first time Hermione had seen Pansy since the war was in St. Mungo's when Theo had called her into his office to examine the battered witch. He'd waited outside. With only the clothes on her back, she'd left her arranged marriage to a German wizard from a powerful wizarding family and was subsequently burned off her family tree and financially cut off. The black eye, busted lip, and bruises had come from being hexed by her mother. When Hermione had tried to heal her, Pansy had laughed and said, "No thank you, I'd like to wear them like a crown. I'm finally the ruler of my own destiny." The remark had stayed with Hermione. Months later, when she'd mentioned to Theo that she was finally preparing to start designing her house, he'd asked her to hire Pansy. To give her purpose. Focus. A chance. Pansy had no experience outside of decorating Theo's office, a nasty attitude that was likely a defence mechanism, and she was almost as stubborn as Hermione. But she thought about their initial meeting, the words that had been laced with a strong desire to better herself, and a time not too long before that, when Hermione had needed purpose as well. So, she had agreed to pay her to design one room: the kitchen. The project had been gruelling for them both, due to their massive personality and style clash, but they'd found common ground over the sage green paint ultimately used on Hermione's cabinets. It tentatively grew from there. Pansy talked about her miserable life under the thumb of her ex-husband's family while Hermione listened and shared bits of her own struggles: the reason behind her departure from the Ministry and why she'd become a Healer. The more Pansy learned about her, the more she stopped making bold, grandiose suggestions, instead switching to favour those more in line with Hermione's simple style. When the project was completed, she caught Pansy blinking back tears, proud of herself and her own accomplishments. And like Neville when she'd grown her first batch of oblong tomatoes, Hermione paid it forward by not judging her. Letting her cry while not speaking a word about it. Only celebrating how far she'd come and how far she would go. Not long after, Hermione suggested Pansy to Hannah Abbott, who had just taken over The Leaky Cauldron that needed updating. She'd agreed and the business Pansy hadn't planned on having exploded. But despite her busy schedule, she'd kept Hermione's house a priority as they slowly workedÑand arguedÑfrom room-to-room, turning her cottage into a home. "Who all is comingÑand you better not say Cho fucking Chang?" Ginny and Hermione remained comically silent. Pansy's glare spoke volumes. "Fuck, I'm leaving." "I'm certain you can tolerate her for a few hours." "I can tolerate a lot of thingsÑthe both of you, for starters." "TouchŽ." Ginny grinned. Instead of heading towards the Floo, Pansy approached them, rolling her eyes. "Padma is marrying one of my closest friends and Parvati is hilarious. Susan is tolerable, I suppose. I don't know her well enough except to say that, for a Hufflepuff, she has a glorious resting bitch face. Granger and I signed that armistice, and I suppose, Weasley, you've got a certain charm and a talent for hexes that the recovering bitch in me can respect. However, I draw the bloody line at Cho." "Recovering?" Hermione cocked a brow then grinned at Pansy's scowl. Meanwhile, Ginny pulled out another glass and poured the remainder of the shaker into it. "I've been married to Harry for ten years and I'm still Weasley?" "Basically." Pansy brought the glass to her lips, drinking slowly. "Oh, I've just been reminded why I tolerate you. You make excellent drinks." "Parenthood has taught me well." Ginny dramatically curtsied and they all laughed. "How was dinner with your parents?" Pansy arched an eyebrow. It was a topic they had discussed while breaking down the barriers between them. Hermione sighed. Pansy and Ginny exchanged pointed looks. The former pursed her lips and exhaled. Even though she wasn't the comforting type, not in the least, she managed an awkward pat on Hermione's hand. "Looks like I'm staying after all." Hermione felt good. Better than good, she felt absolutely splendid. Thanks to Ginny's feel-good concoctions of excellence, both the day and the conversation with her mother were all but a distant memory. Now she was splayed on the sofa, body warm and pliant from the alcohol; her legs were stretched out until they reached the empty spot Pansy had just vacated to make them both another drink. Something different because Ginny had decided it would be an excellent idea for her to catch up with Hermione, and did just that by knocking back a few of her mystery drinks just after the others had arrived. Now, she looked as regret-free and happy as Hermione felt, and she smiled lazily at her friend, who was currently lost in her own world. Ginny's hips swayed to the soft music coming from the Wireless as she waved her arms. Her eyes were closed and her red hair was freed from its ponytail, moving with her easy shimmies. Susan, who was already pissed and asleep on the floor, was closer than she knew to being precariously stepped on by the dancing witch. Oh well. A slightly flushed Pansy returned with her third and Hermione'sÉ Well, she'd lost count. Upon first taste, this drink didn't seem as strong as the others, but it did have a bite. "It's straight Firewhisky because I couldn't be bothered to make fancy drinks for someone as smashed as you are, love." The term of endearment alerted Hermione to the state of Pansy's sobriety. Or lack thereof. When Pansy attempted to elegantly sit down, she missed her landing and lost a bit of her drink to her hands. "Damn you gravity. Fickle bitch." Laughter rang out from Padma and Cho, who were on the two-seater talking about Padma's wedding plansÑa common topic at their gatherings since she'd gotten engaged to Blaise Zabini at Christmas. She didn't mind. In fact, she was looking forward to their wedding next year in India. Their inebriated giggles were drowned out by Parvati's. She was a bit of a lightweight, and nearly bombed after only one of Ginny's mixes, which made her tongue loose and her voice louder than usual. She sat on Hermione's coffee table, in black leggings and a bright pink shirt, while facing her sister and close friend, legs folded with her still unfinished first drink in her hand. Conversation continued after their laughter subsided. Hermione listened, quiet and smiling, not catching every joke or sentence because the alcohol had loosened her to the point where she didn't care that Parvati was sitting on her sled coffee table. She and Pansy had argued about the table for two weeks; even though it didn't fit with the country modern theme of the space, Hermione loved it. Ginny was bopping along in the corner when Cho asked, "How many guests have you and Blaise decided on?" Padma took a long drink and gave her a look that spoke of how overwhelmed she was about the overall processÑa sentiment she'd expressed to Hermione during their last lunch together. "It'll be at least a hundred people from my side and my parents' entire villageÑ" "Loads of family," Parvati blurted out, extending an arm as if the stretch would quantify a number. "I'm planning on not being single by then. Merlin, if I hear," her face changed as she mocked one of her numerous relatives, "'When are you going to find a good man to marry?' one more time, I'm going to launch myself at the sun!" While Parvati commiserated on single life, Pansy gave her an insincere air pat with one hand and sipped her drink with the other. "There, there," she drawled like some louche aristocrat. The Firewhisky dulled Hermione's ability to suppress her reaction to anything she found remotely funny, so she barked out a laugh. Then blushed and apologised. Parvati glared at her but there was no heat in it. "You'll need to find a date, too, Hermione. Good luck with that, mate. Your standards are far higher than mine." "And your standards aren't, Parvati?" Cho asked innocently, but there was mischief in her eyes. Susan rolled over onto her back and started snoring loudly. Bless. "I'll settle for breathing with reasonably decent hygiene. I don't ask for much." Pansy rolled her eyes and Cho agreed. Padma, too. "Lies!" Ginny yelled over the Wireless, but kept dancing like she hadn't said a thing. And while Parvati pouted, everyone laughed because they were familiar with her song and dance. Regardless of what she said, Parvati's standards were not low. In fact, they were probably higher than Hermione's. In a way. She'd never had a steady boyfriend, only a long string of casual flings that ultimately hadn't turned into anything more permanent. The reason why had been solely because she fancied unattainable menÑwhether physically, emotionally, or both. And when they began to show interest and talk of something more, when they began to chase her rather than the other way aroundÉ Well, her interest in them practically vanished. Hermione was familiar with the thrill of the hunt, with chasing something she wanted until she'd caught it, but she'd never known someone to win a race, collect their trophy, look at it, and toss it in the rubbish quite like Parvati. Over the years, she'd wondered if Parvati had even wanted those unobtainable men in the first place, or if the idea of them being just out of reach was the draw. But now that she was sozzled and overthinking every little thing, Hermione found herself sipping her Firewhisky and contemplating the idea that perhaps Parvati didn't know what she wanted. Or maybe she did and was too scared of the additional stress and responsibilities that came along with twining her life with someone else's. Hermione, secretly, could relate. Padma had done it so easily in the last six years she'd been with Blaise. Hermione considered flat out asking her just how she'd built something out of nothing. It couldn't have been easy; they had so much working against them right from the start, yet they fought each battle again and again with a better strategy and growing resilience. There were so many people that doubted they would make it one month, much less a year. Or six. Hermione had been a doubter. They were such a bizarre pair, right from the start, both cagey about the details that had led to their coming together. Alcohol, if she had to guess. Hermione liked when things made sense, when things were analysable, and they were neither. Padma wasn't as electric as her sister, not nearly as bold or outgoing. She knew how to have fun, but was a bit uptight. Like Hermione, she preferred a good book or foreign film over going out. They shared a love for hard work and a passion for helping people. Blaise wasÉ well, he was the sort of person people paid attention to because he never did anything that was expected of him. He was laid back, charismatic, and open about things that didn't matter but private about those that did. In fact, no one had any idea they were together until some unfortunate soul tried to accost Padma during one of their group outings. Hermione was still trying to calculate how he'd gone from sitting next to Theo to punching some drunken wizard in the face. They'd all been all thrown out of the bar in the process. Nevertheless, that had been how everyone found out, and also how they'd all learned that neither of their families approved of the match. Padma's family didn't approve because Blaise wasn't Indian, traditional, or interested in having a large familyÑsomething Padma wasn't interested in either. Hermione had expected Blaise's mother to disapprove because of Padma's blood status, but was surprised to learn that it stemmed from the simple fact that she wasn't rich. Interesting. But it seemed that the more their families tried to tear them apart, the tighter Blaise and Padma held on. They outlasted the disapproval and became stronger for it. Indomitable. Padma blossomed with Blaise at her side, becoming a more confident version of herself, certain of her worth in every facet of her life. She supported his career that kept him away at times and he celebrated each of her successes. On the occasions when she failed, he was still there supporting her. Encouraging her. Cheering her on in that subtle way of his. Hermione sipped her drink and considered the possibility that she had been wrong about themÉ Perhaps they made sense after all. "Who did Blaise pick as his groomsmen?" Pansy rolled her eyes at Parvati, who was finishing her first drink and moaning pitifully to herself about her single life. Ginny was doing a strange version of The Robot. The music was all wrong for her dance moves, but Hermione tilted her glass at her friend and supported her life choices. Like a good friend. She hiccupped. Susan rolled over onto her side; her snores were louder than the music. A silencing charm would do, but Hermione had no idea where her wand was. Probably for the best. Pansy gave her a look out of the corner of her eye, which made her grin. With all of her teeth. "Oh, good gods, Hermione, stop smiling!" Parvati exclaimed. "You look like you've trapped a bug." There was another riotous round of laughter that she joined in on. Ginny, sometime during the fit of giggles, drifted over and flopped down next to Hermione on the sofa. She'd barely had time to move her legs. "Who did he choose?" Ginny asked with a bit of a slur. Her cheeks were bright red from her dancing and drinks combined. Padma, who had long since kicked off her shoes, tucked her feet alongside her while leaning on Cho. "Theo and Draco." Meanwhile, her choices for bridesmaids had been obvious: Parvati and Cho. Hermione would be attending happily as a guest. Besides, Harry and Ginny's chaotic affair had made her seriously question if she wanted a ceremony at allÉ should she ever find someone. Or muster the energy to look for that matter. At Blaise's choices, Parvati lifted her head, a gleam in her dark eyes. "He picked Draco? Excellent." "I'm confused." Cho didn't slur her words; she was the most sober person in the room, as she didn't drinkÑone of the many reasons Pansy couldn't stand her. "Just how buckled are you?" "Yes." Ginny almost choked while Parvati smiled at the inside of her cup before cackling with glee. "This is fantastic news." "Why are you so excited about this? Draco Malfoy is a massiveÑ" Cho looked in Pansy's direction and blushed. She was talking about a friend of Pansy's who they all knew she was extremely protective over. "Wanker? Prat? Arse?" Pansy shrugged, completing her sentence. "I've called Draco almost every version of the word I know at some point in our lives. Or in the last month. Or week." Pansy cut her eyes at Parvati. "The question remains: why are you so excited?" Which seemed to be the question of the hour, judging by the look on everyone's face. Parvati glanced around at each of them, more and more aghast by their lack of understanding. "Draco Malfoy will be wearing traditional Indian groomsmen robes." She spoke slowly like they were missing the point. And Hermione probably was because nothing the witch said made any sense. "He will be wearing Indian robes." Padma chuckled knowinglyÑsome twin thing Hermione never understood. The rest of them were still lost. "Indian! Robes!" "I'm so lost right now," Cho said softly, more to Padma than anyone, but they all heard her anyway. Hermione giggled. The witch's confusion was so loud she almost looked regretful for asking the question that had brought her to that point. "Indian! Robes!" Parvati emphasised each word with a sharp cutting motion of her free hand. "Yes, yes, we get it," Pansy huffed. "Get to the point, for fuck's sake!" "Are you all fucking kidding me right now? The man is bloody gorgeous." Parvati brought her hand to her chin, pursing her lips. "Well, not accounting for his personality, of course." "That's a pretty large thing to not account for." Cho glanced at Pansy, who nodded her approval. "He's an arse." Parvati pushed her braid off her shoulder. "That's incredibly fair. Witch Weekly asked me to interview the top ten Wizarding World Bachelors last week and Malfoy ranked number one." His mum had to force him to attend the interview, but bloody hell is he fit. Have you lot seen him?" Ginny and Cho exchanged shrugs. They hadn't. Padma and Pansy obviously had. As the only person who didn't answer, Hermione suddenly found all eyes on her. Parvati looked expectant. "UhÉ no," Hermione said. "Haven't seen him since his trial." "Just how the hell have you managed that, Hermione?" Parvati scoffed. "You have lunch with Harry. They work together!" "I just haven't and it's not like they're chummy. I imagine they schedule their loo breaks to avoid seeing each other for a second longer than necessary." The room erupted in laughter, despite Hermione being deadly serious. She shrugged and started to take another sip of Firewhisky when Ginny made a slow grab that she'd seen coming a kilometre away. Ginny's success at stealing it could be completely blamed on Hermione's poor motor control and the fact that the room had a nice hazy glow to it. The joke ended up being on Ginny, though, who blanched at the taste with her first sip, looking as if she'd swallowed molten lava. She turned wild eyes on Hermione. "How are you drinking this straight?" Her shrug was lazy at best. "It's spicy?" "She's blitzed," Pansy cut in. Hermione started to argue, but lost both the words and the will. Next time, she vowed while nodding at nothing. Then she chuckled at herself and leaned forward, which was actually to the side because her head touched Ginny's shoulder. Ah, definitely smashed then. Marvellous. Parvati brought the focus back to herself. "Of course she is, but that doesn't matter because Draco Malfoy will be wearing traditional Indian robes and I appear to be the only one who recognises it for the gloriousness that it is." Dramatically, she pointed at them all. "I'm ashamed of you all!" "I, for one, don't see him that way because I've known him all his life." Pansy gave a lazy wave of her hand and sipped her drink. She crossed her legs and leaned back on the sofa. "Also," She grimaced, "been there and tried to do that Fifth Year. It was a terrible mistake we agreed never to speak of again." Then she got up, plucked the glass from Ginny's hand and wobbled into the kitchen to pour more Firewhisky. Hermione smiled in excitement. Parvati looked up, appearing to contemplate Pansy's point. "You know what? I'll allow that. He was still pointy then. Now, however, I'd give part of my salary for the opportunity to climb him like a tree." Ginny made a high-pitched noise, her lips pursed and eyes squinted. "Pretty certain that's called prostitution." "It's a bit illegal," Hermione pointed out. "A bit?" Cho and Padma said simultaneously. Then they broke out in giggles with the rest of them joining in quickly. Susan continued snoring. Parvati, meanwhile, was glaring at them all, but none of them were threatened by her looks because she was too busy trying not to smile. "Okay, poor choice of words, but the fact remains. He's still a bit pointy, gorgeous, andÑ well, according to the rumours, he has started to date again afterÉ you know." And they did. The witch cringed at her own insensitivity. Not because she felt particularly bad about her wordsÑshe would have said it regardlessÑbut rather because Pansy was there. She hadn't been Astoria's friend, but she was Daphne'sÉ and she was well within earshot. But when the witch returned less than a minute later, she handed Ginny her glass and ignored the way Hermione sulked at being cut off before she coolly levelled Parvati with a look. "Don't stop on my account." Pansy sat down and sipped her Firewhisky. "Seriously. It doesn't offend me because it's a fact: Draco is widowed. We all knew it was coming. The surprise was how long Astoria lasted." Ginny refused to share her drink, no matter how much Hermione pouted. "Narcissa is planning to use this season to find him a wife." After running a hand over her still perfect hair, she gave a very matter-of-fact shrug. "Purebloods who are widowed as early as he has been don't typically wait long to remarry, especially when they have young children. It's a witch's duty to raise the children, regardless if they are hers or not." "Seems cold." Cho pushed Padma's hair from her face. Pansy shrugged with an indifference that came from growing up in that world. "We all know that we'll never marry for love unless we're okay with living without a family. WellÑ" She offered the now nodding future Mrs Zabini a meaningful look. "The Zabini's aren't traditional, so they don't count. The Greengrass family aren't as traditional, but they didn't forgive Daphne for marrying Dean until Astoria died. In fact, they still act like he doesn't exist, even though they're about to have a baby. My family was far stricter." Ginny, who had been as quiet and thoughtful as Parvati, spoke up. "Do you regret leaving?" Hermione's eyes were suddenly too heavy to stay open so she allowed her head to rest on the back cushion. The room swayed as if she were on a boat in the middle of the ocean. Still, when Pansy answered, Hermione heard it loud and clear in the haze of her intoxicated mind. "I only regret not leaving sooner." And because she was always so bloody maudlin whenever she drank Firewhisky, the last thing Hermione heard before she drifted to sleep was: "I'll never be able to repay Theo, or even Firewhisky-soaked Granger here, for how they helped me figure myself out after, but I'll never forget it either." If you can't pay it back, pay it forward. Catherine Ryan Hyde Chapter End Notes A/N: Hermione in the books didn't have a huge friend following, I think she would rectify that. She deserves it. Now how everyone is connected is explained throughout the fic. Art for this chapter: Hermione Watching Her Dad Paint by meriyart Chapter3:LeaveOut All TheRest Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Three Leave Out All The Rest March 21, 2011 The three keys to gardening were good planning, forethought, and strategizing. Which made it the ideal hobby for someone like Hermione. It started as an assignment from her immensely annoying therapist, then became an outlet for her frustrations when everyone walked on eggshells around her. But after many failures, a breakthrough in therapy, and dedicating time to self-discovery, Hermione began to understand that gardening was more than digging holes, sticking plants in the ground, and keeping things properly watered. It was about making connections. Ones between science, art, and biology. She found herself fascinated with the harmony of everything: arranging plants in their surroundings until they thrived. Experimentation was another gardening concept Hermione had yet to master, but that was due to her own issues. Experimentation involved testingÑand failure. She'd done enough of both and was no longer interested in doing more of either right now. Hermione wanted to live simply, maintain the status quo, and perfect the process before trying anything new. Which brought her back to the core of who she was: researching and learning. But now she was driven by a desire to better both herself and the world. At least in a capacity that actually made a differenceÉ And didn't nearly kill her in the process. Instead of laws, she studied climate and weather patterns in her area and researched the purpose of indoor sowing. Instead of being dragged into the machinations of the most powerful at the Ministry, who only used her to make themselves look better, Hermione studied and tested soil for the right pH balance, and mastered the art of fertilising. Instead of politics and learning which members of the Wizengamot to avoid or approach, she familiarised herself with the correct wards to deter the wrong sort of wildlife. She built a greenhouse that held everything she needed. And instead of doing the work of six people, Hermione did the job of one: combining all of her knowledge to use, cultivate, and till the earth in preparation for new growth. It was exhilarating. Never dull, always therapeutic. A practical hobby for a practical person. Gardening taught her many lessons. All growth started with a seed; what she did with it was up to her. Losing plants taught her the value in all life. She understood the importance of every step involved in nourishing something until it grew healthy and strong. Everything she grew had a purpose: herbs for potions, fruits and vegetables for consumption. Every process was important: care and fertiliser to maximise output. And certain ingredients were vital, regardless of what she was growing: sunshine, water, time, and patience. But gardening also taught her to watch out for weeds. They were hard to define, much like people. Some were harmless, blending into their environment and living alongside the intended plants. In rare cases, they could even be considered beneficial. But others were destructive, and she made certain to pull them up as soon as she could. If she didn't, they could spread and grow stronger, smothering the life out of the planted seedlings. Weeds could impoverish the soil by depleting nutrients to strengthen themselves. One such weed was waiting for Hermione in her home office. Tiberius McLaggen. Hermione couldn't wait for someone to pull him out by the roots. Following the end of the war, the quiet depowering of the position of Minister had created a power vacuum unlike anything the Wizarding World had ever seen. Chaos was the reason it went unnoticed, and every high-ranking Ministry official who hadn't been associated with Voldemort rushed to fill the void. One of those open positions had been Chief Warlock, the head of the Wizengamot. The man who filled it was now standing in her office, eyeing her table of sows that were almost ready to be planted. His presence wouldn't have been an issue had the changing of their government structure not made him the most powerful wizard in the country. Because he was as crooked as they came. His presence solidified this. Tiberius usually sent Cormac following her refusals, which was always an illuminating experience. Especially when he kept his hands and thoughts about her figure to himself. Still, Cormac was easy to handle. But Tiberius? Outside of his penchant for bribing to get his way, she didn't know enough about him to decide one way or another. "Chief Warlock," Hermione greeted from her doorway. He was in his late fifties yet looked younger. Like Cormac, he was tall, broad, and imposing. His brown hair was just as curly, but his eyes were as different as his presence. Cormac leered and flirted, but Tiberius was sharp. Tiberius was the sort who had a reason behind everythingÑincluding his attire. He donned official robes that signified his position of power. The pleasant expression on his face was as fake as a copper Galleon. "Ah, Miss Granger." He clasped his hands together. "I was wondering when you would turn up." Her plan had been to not turn up until after he left through the Floo he had entered from. However, after thirty minutes of loitering in the vegetable patch, Tiberius showed an aggravating level of persistence. In that regard, he was like his nephew. "Your office is quiteÉ lively." It was spacious and mostly tidy; cosy but about as professional as Hermione could stand. Pansy was chomping at the bit to decorate it, but for now the office was a mishmash of furnishings that accentuated white walls and oak floors. On the table next to her sows were individual pots with her troublemakersÑdittany and molyÑwhich refused to sprout and needed more attention. "Thank you." She inclined her head slightly. "My office hours don't begin for another hour." "My apologies, I was unaware I needed an appointment." "Regardless of your position, I have a schedule I keep and a meeting in an hour so please be brief." She crossed the room to her desk, taking her seat and gesturing to one across from her. "Are you here for a consultation? I'm not accepting new patients at the moment, but I can always direct you to one of my peers. That is, if I know what sort of care you need." He declined the seat, further indication that he was there for a specific purpose. "I'm not here for a consultation. This is a friendly visit." Hermione wasn't sure if Tiberius' was being friendly, menacing, or a little of both. "I wasn't aware we were friends." Tiberius' smile turned cold. Definitely menacing. "My nephew has been singing your praises since Hogwarts. He continues to do so after meeting with you regarding your ongoing rejections of the Ministry's offers." "I see." Keeping the distaste off her face was a struggle. "That doesn't make us friends. Acquaintances at best." "Regardless, he firmly believes you will change your mindÑ" "Then it's clear he doesn't know me at all." Like chess opponents, they tried to figure out each other's next move. Hermione was drawing blanks. War hero status aside, she was a small cog in a large machine. His presence broke all kinds of established rules, as did her apathy about it. "A bit of advice, Miss Granger. When the Chief Warlock takes time out of his extremely busy schedule to pay you a visit, you should at least pretend to look happy about it." "I'll remember that." She opened the folder on her desk in preparation for her next meeting, folded her hands on top of it, and leaned in. "You want deference, but call this a friendly visit? I'll confess I'm perplexed. What are you here, Chief Warlock?" Tiberius said nothing at first, moving from the vegetables to the eucalyptus plant. "Before I knew of your dedication during your time with the Ministry, I thought Cormac was exaggerating his tales of your intelligence. Now I know he was telling the truth. You're smart enough to gauge my reason for coming here." "I can." "The past work you did before your unfortunate departure was most impressive. I wanted to personally see if you had carried that success to your next position." He gestured to the office around him. "It seems that you have." "You've been watching me." "Watching is such a harsh term." His evasive response reminded her of his nephew. For all the wrong reasons. "I prefer to think of it as following your illustrious career." That gave herÑwell, not an idea, but something that needed confirmation. "Ah, so you're behind the job offers from the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. Not Hestia." "If I am?" His eyes lingered on the troublemaker plants then shifted to her. "The department under Hestia Jones is having an image crisis that even promoting the famous Harry Potter to the Head Auror has been unable to cure." That was what happened when a dirty wound was left unattended: it festered until the entire limb had to go. "The public's trust in those entrusted to uphold law and order is failing. It's a problem Harry Potter doesn't care about." Hermione moved her finger, using wandless magic to lift the kettle spelled to keep warm. Another flick of her wrist and it poured the steaming liquid into her empty teacup. Tiberius watched as if she was supposed to have a different reactionÑone that didn't leave her at ease enough to drink tea in the presence of the most powerful wizard in the country. Only after taking her first sip did she address the now glaring Tiberius. "One could argue Harry has more than the public's trust to worry about. You all seem rather keen on sweeping the Death Eaters under the proverbial rug. An Auror is missing, several others were injured just days ago, and yet there was no mention of it in the papers. No awareness for the public. No issued warnings." "We felt there was no need to alarm the public." "So, you're controlling the news outlets." Hermione leaned back in her chair. "This feels familiar." Tiberius bristled. "That's not an accurate statement, Miss Granger. We've merely requested they run the story next week so it doesn't interfere with the investigation." "What investigation? From what I hear, you're not allowing them to send a team after Mathers." Tiberius placed his hands behind his backÑa comfortable and superior position. He wasn't threatened by her and felt the need to show it. Interesting. "You're very informed for someone who has no inclination to return to the Ministry." "I don't." "Shame." He tsked. "Harry Potter could use you at his side. Draco Malfoy could, too." Keeping her recoil internal, Hermione took another sip. "Why put them into positions of power if you don't believe they can do their jobs?" "Their talent wasn't the reason they were placed in their current positions." That much Hermione knew. "Harry Potter is the Boy-Who-Lived, defender of all that is good and just. Draco Malfoy is redemption in the form of a man who turned on those his family used to align themselves with. Rivals and enemies to allies. Their partnership is poetic." What utter tripe. "Apologies for my brusqueness, but this isn't a theatrical performance, Chief Warlock. This is real life with far-reaching consequences for your actions, or lack thereof. They may be qualified for the positions, butÑ" "We each have a role we must play to ensure the preservation of our government and life." Preserve was an interesting way to phrase it when there was still so much that needed to be changed. So much that was still wrong. So much that was corrupted, tainted by their mishandling. "All of us must do our part, including you, Miss Granger. People respect you. They remember your efforts in the war. The Ministry would benefitÑ" "Or, rather than using me as a draw to complete your trifecta to tote around as proof of your dedication to the fight against Death Eaters, you could actually do your job and provide the funding the Auror's Office and Task Force need to clean up the mess created by the Wizengamot's ignorance. They're underfunded, not nearly trained enough, and spread thin. Yet you're constantly giving them more responsibilities." "The Ministry has many duties. We requested the Auror Department and Task Force to perform theirs so we can dedicate our efforts to restoring our economy andÑ" "I'm aware of your duties to the economy." Hermione folded her arms. "But where do the people rank on that list?" "People benefit from economic growth and stability." "I'm talking about right now. Economic growth takes time to trickle down. The wolves, the centaurs who are losing their lands, and those with homes and businesses outside Diagon AlleyÑwhat about them? Meanwhile the rich get richer and people grow more disenchanted by the day." Hermione's stare sharpened like a blade. "Speaking of, how is business in Diagon Alley?" He would know; he owned every business and building. Except the joke shop. That the Chief Warlock was allowed to manage his business and real estate all while passing laws that directly benefited him was unconscionable. But the lack of precedence left them without any applicable laws to contest the corruption. So while it wasn't illegal, the blatant disregard of ethics was appalling. It exposed a massive hole in the way things were run. A hole the Wizengamot had no interest in filling. And people noticed. "Business is not what I'm here to discuss with you today, Miss Granger. My nephew hasn't been successful in persuading you to change your mind regarding our repeated offers, so I thought I would come here to negotiate terms, salary, and further compensation upon measurable success." He paused. "Things that no one else needs to know about." Now that he was showing exactly who he was, devoid of the public mask, Hermione shed hers. Or, more like ripped it off. "I don't want anything you can provide me. I cannot be bought. Your problems are larger than me and my so-called influence. I'm not interested in being the Ministry's puppet ever again." "I suppose you are part of the group that wants to unseat the Wizengamot." He wasn't correct, as she had no direct dealings with the restoration movement, but he wasn't wrong either. "We know they exist," he said in response to her silence. "They would support you, too. That is, should you return." Ah, well that explained it. They wanted her under their thumb. "I have no intentions to return. Not for you. Not for anyone. Perhaps you should focus less on bribing me, less on trying to scheme in order to quiet the complaints, and more on doing your job. Protect the people. Help them. Give the Aurors and Task Force a fighting chance with the funding and time they need toÑ" "There are over a hundred AurorsÑ" "I'm aware." She gave him a dark look. "I used to track that sort of thing. But they are stretched thin trying to keep up with regular crimes committed by desperate people who haven't recovered from the war. There is also the matter of Death Eaters in the countryside that hide in plain sight and pick them off one group at a time. Not to mention, they are working to find their base of operations. There aren't enough people to do what you're asking of them." "The MinistryÑ" "I won't discuss the rising increase in popularity of the Death Eaters' cause." Hermione was in no mood for excuses. "While they agree Voldemort was a megalomaniac with a severely flawed philosophy, the general consensus is that a regime change is a far better option than what they have right now." The expression on Tiberius' face tightened, his anger barely restrained. He wasn't used to being spoken to in this manner. Well, respect was earned. "I think you've forgotten who I am." "I know exactly who you are. Your robes show the power you're happily wielding." No matter how unqualified. "Nevertheless, I don't work for the MinistryÑ" "We make rules that affect you." "True, and not in all the good ways." His jaw worked as he continued to keep his temper in check. "And your department is funded by the Ministry. " "Correction: was. The start-up was for reasons you already know, but now we're self-funded through our research grants in a hospital that's privately owned. Not only do you have no power over my job, you also hold no power in my home." Hermione allowed her words to hang in the air as she took another sip of tea. Peppermint with no sugar or honey. Instead of lashing out, Tiberius did something odd. He smiled and looked genuinely pleased. Positively electrified. Engaged and intrigued by her. He actually looked a bit mad. "You have so much fire in you, Miss Granger. So much passion and brilliance. You're just what we need. You should consider returning and putting your skills to good use." "As I've stated many times over, I have no interest in returning to the Ministry. I'm not playing anyone's game." "Is this about the Ministry's handling of your incident?" The casual way he spoke of something so deeply personal made her flinchÑvisibly. It set her on edge. "Yes, most definitely, but also no." It was the best answer she could think of. "Oh?" "I'm aware of my own failings in that regard. I didn't prioritise myself, and I put my trust in an institution that didn't care if I lived or died. An institution that just wanted me to get my work done and continue spouting praises for the Ministry until I was blue in the face. Quite literally." Unfortunately, she wasn't exaggerating. At the height of Hermione's career, while working extremely long hours and not tending to herself, she had an incident of light-headedness one dayÉ and then nothing. Someone found her convulsing on the floor and rushed her to St Mungo's. A week later, she woke up with no memory or knowledge of just how close to death she had come. All she could recall were the worried faces of her friendsÑand later, her parents. She struggled with the fact that she'd lost memories and an entire week to seizures that had left her magic erratic, body weak, and her mind distressed and unable to string together complicated thoughts. Seizures that would return if she didn't monitor her stress. Her job wanted her back two days after she had woken up. The request sparked her decision to leave. Her health was a gamble they were willing to take for their self-proclaimed greater good, and that left a sour taste in her mouth. "I will admit that the handling could have been better." Tiberius approached the topic carefully, like the politician he was. "HoweverÑ" "There is nothing left to discuss. Please consider this my refusal of all offers extended, both past, present, and any you deem necessary in the future. You are more than welcome to see yourself out." Halfway out the door, she heard him. "You should reconsider, Miss Granger. I know how much you enjoy making a difference. You could help thousands." "No, thank you. I'd rather do it my own way." March 22, 2011 Hermione was reading through the mystery patient's file for the third time when Narcissa Malfoy stepped out of the Floo. Interesting. She wasn't the last person Hermione expected to see, but she was close. That position belonged to her son. If it meant anything, she looked equally as surprised to see Hermione. Theo was far sneakier than Hermione had realised. He hadn't told either of them the complete story. But before she could speculate or speak to Narcissa, who failed to suppress her shock, the Floo burst to life again as two security wizards stepped out. They took their places on either side of their charge, folding their arms in an attempt to look intimidating with matching black robes and deep frowns. Like Hermione was a threat. She almost laughed. Narcissa stood out from her guards in lavender robes with silver accents, but Hermione spotted the mismatched gold band on a plain necklace. Her makeup was as perfect as her coiffed blonde hair. Dressed to impress, Hermione wondered if she might have prepared differently had she known the identity of the Healer she was scheduled to meet. When she was younger, she knew the answer, but now it wasn't as clear. Hermione gestured to the chair. "Please, do take a seat." Addressing Narcissa's security wizards, she said, "You both are welcome to wait outside the door." Narcissa sat with her hands properly placed in her lap and her back straight; her guards remained rooted in their spots. Hermione stared at each of them, but they returned her pointed glare. The moment she was about to open her mouth and tell them to leave again, Narcissa raised one finger and motioned towards the door. The last one shut the door. And then they were alone. Hermione allowed her eyes to roam before settling back on Narcissa. This was the part where she would usually ask the patient to tell her about themselves and what they sought to accomplish under her care, but today, she waited. There was no need for formalities; they knew each otherÑeven if it was barely well enough to identify the other on the street. Or inside her home during a war. Too proper to turn her head or nose up, Narcissa scanned everything in her periphery. It didn't matter, Hermione knew what she was seeing. They were in her home, after all. On the walls, surrounding her white bookshelves, her accolades hung in rows. Narcissa stared at the frames, scanning each as if she found it impossible that someone as young as Hermione had accomplished so much. But she was thirty-one with an Order of Merlin. When Narcissa saw it, she stopped trying to scrutinise. It did nothing to help convince Hermione to accept her as a patient. This was business, nothing personal. "Theodore did not inform me that you were the Healer he had arranged." "I surmised as much." Hermione glanced down at the file in front of her. "When you requested the best"Ñshe raised her eyes to meet Narcissa's sharp gazeÑ"you should have been more specific if a certain blood status was a prerequisite." "My request was accurate." Narcissa delicately patted her hairline with a silk, embroidered handkerchief. Hermione noted the sweat before she dabbed it away. Just seeing one symptom was enough to inform her that her current potions were not working. Pity. Narcissa seemed aware of her scrutiny, and brought her hand back down as she narrowed her eyes. "You could be a troll as far as I am concerned, Miss Granger. However, if you are indeed the best, then I am in the correct office." "Very well." Silence wasn't uncommon during consultations. Some patients struggled to accept their need for help, but the one that fell between them was different. Heavier. It coiled around Hermione, reaching into her stomach to settle in a hard knot of history. There was so much of it, and it was complicated. Yet she was asking for Hermione's help. The irony was not lost on her. Years in therapy had taught her that healing from trauma wasn't just physical or mental. It was about taking charge of her personal liberation from the state of victimisation by not allowing herself to let past trauma interfere with her present and future. She'd already forgiven Narcissa and her family. Hermione had let it go years ago, and refused to go back to that mindset. She hadn't forgiven them for their sake; she'd forgiven them for hers. She knew that she couldn't grow if she held on to every grudge; couldn't fly if she allowed herself to stay grounded by every weight in her past. And Hermione very much wanted to do both. Forgiveness wasn't an action, it was a choice. It wasn't easy, but Hermione decided not to allow hate to cloud her judgement, and that granted her the peace of mind she needed to be objective about the witch in front of her. Detached enough to consider the facts of the assignment and not the patient. The truth was she couldn't accept her as a patient, no matter the angle. Hermione had rules about patients she knew in any capacity. She mentally glared rusty daggers at Theo because he had known that all along yet he had still suggested she keep an open mind. "Would you care for tea?" Hermione politely gestured to the kettle on her desk, charmed to stay warm with a blend she provided during all of her initial consultations. "It's a blend of lemon balm, kava, and valerian root. It's good to calm the nerves." "My nerves are perfectly calm, thank you." "Mmm." Hermione saw the subtle eye movements and tension in her shoulders that spoke to stress, but she didn't want to make assumptions about a woman she hardly knew. Hermione doubted Narcissa Malfoy was the same. That was impossible. Losing her husband and way of life had changed her, made her retreat. She'd disappeared from both London society and the country itself, living in an undisclosed part of France until recently. And yet, she had been busy in her self-imposed exile. Two years after her husband's death, Narcissa had published a tell-all Hermione had never bothered reading, but Andromeda read it roughly six months after its release. It accurately detailed her life growing up in the Black household with an honest retelling of Andromeda's and Sirius' exits from the family. She wrote of her marriage, her son (without many details, as he wished for privacy), the events that led to Voldemort living in her home, and every bit of suffering that followed up until her betrayal the night of the Battle of Hogwarts. Andromeda cried when she'd read Narcissa's words to Lucius about those final few moments when he'd hid her and Draco away before the Death Eaters attacked. She cried harder when Narcissa detailed watching the Manor burn. Narcissa wrote about it all: the emotions she felt, the pain, the parallels between her fate and the Manor's, destined to be both consumed and preserved by the never-ending magical fire. It was hailed as a poignant and harsh, yet honest tale of Narcissa's journey on the wrong side of the war. The bestseller propelled her into stardom after a brutal war. Hermione wondered if Narcissa carried the same prejudices that had been instilled in her from birth or if war had taught her that there was a better way. Bigotry was hard to notice in oneself, and harder still to change, but it could be done. Maybe change had already taken root. Hermione wouldn't know because Narcissa was a private and proud woman. But only of what she had created, overcome, and achieved. Exactly in that order. The rest was too murky for Hermione to tackle with a patient she didn't intend on acquiring. She waited out the silence by sipping her own teaÑgreen with a twist of fresh lemon from her greenhouse. A quick glance was all the other woman received before Hermione continued detailing notes for Roger Davies, whom she intended on passing Narcissa's case along to. He would enjoy the challenge. "I thought you would ask more questions, Miss Granger." "What would you like me to ask?" Hermione rested her elbows on the arm of her chair, relaxing as she tapped her fingertips together and looked the blonde witch straight in the eye. "I've read your file. Three times." "Perhaps you might inquire about my current condition." "I don't specialise in your condition, but from what I've observed, the elixirs and potions they have prescribed you are either not working, not the correct combination, or you aren't taking them consistently." Then she waved her hand and the kettle lifted off the table, pouring hot tea into the glass teacup in front of her. Narcissa hesitated for a moment before picking up the cup and taking a sip. "I've noticed that you are currently experiencing symptoms. Sweats, mainly, but if I were to run diagnostic charms, I would likely find your pulse and blood pressure elevated. You've taken particular care of your makeup, likely because it covers the fact that you aren't sleeping well, and you experience daytime drowsiness. I've poured tea for you because you don't seem to trust yourself. Have you dropped anything recently due to tremors? Have you ended up in a place not remembering how you got there? Have you mixed up people's identities? Even infrequently?" Hermione noticed the slight twitch in Narcissa's jaw that confirmed her observations and provided answers. "That's the nature of your disease. I don't have any questions about what I already know." Narcissa sat the teacup on the saucer. "It seems Draco did not exaggerate in any of his childhood accounts of your intelligence." "It's my job to be observant." Hermione suppressed her chuckle. They took tea together, but neither filled the silence for moments on end. "I know what you must think of me coming here asking for your help after what happened between you and my sister." Her tone was so matter-of-fact that it prompted Hermione's candid admission. "To be quite honest, until you came through my Floo today, I barely thought about youÉ Well, unless your other sister mentioned you." It wasn't often. And for good reason, judging by the stony look on Narcissa's face. Over the years, Andromeda seemed keen on reconnecting with her younger sister, but it hadn't happened. She'd spoken of it, wrote letter after letter, yet hadn't sent a single one. Hermione wondered if finding out about Narcissa's illness would change things, but it wasn't her place to deliver that information. "With that being said, I know you aren't here to discuss the past, and neither am I. I'd like to leave it behind us." Hermione tried to steer them back into the realm of professional conversation. "This is your time to speak about your goals and motivation for seeking treatment." "As I decline, my condition will require constant care." It sounded like Narcissa had accepted her disease, which was honestly better than most patients in her predicament. Hermione made a quick note to Davies. "I'm aware, but why specifically me?" "You are the best, according to Theodore. I trust his judgement. I cannot change my fate, but it appears that with the proper care, I will be able to buy myself time. IÉ" When Narcissa folded one hand over the other on Hermione's desk, she seemed to strip away all pretences and pride, highlighting the reality of her condition and her reason for seeking such specialised care. At such a high price. "I'm not finished preparing myself and my family." Narcissa's voice softened. "I also would prefer that my grandson not lose his mother and grandmother so close together. He's just a boy." An odd feeling rose when Hermione actually allowed herself to think about the fact that Draco MalfoyÑof all peopleÑhad become a husband, father, and widower by thirty. And she was stillÉ Single. No prospects. No children of her own. Not that she was complaining about her circumstance, but it was a jarring comparison. She dusted away the thought. "And Draco. He isÉ not ready to be alone." Complex emotions warred across Narcissa's features. Hermione quietly summoned a box of tissue from the table where her stubborn plants were fighting against nature itself. Hermione wanted to tell her that even though she'd spent her life protecting her son, she couldn't prevent the inevitable. But she kept her thoughts to herself, firmly locked away while Narcissa pulled herself together. "I would like to see him settled and remarried before IÉ Well, sooner rather than later. He complies with my requests to take marriage meetingsÑ" Funny name for a date, Hermione thought sarcastically. "But I know he is stalling. Biding his time. My son is an intelligent man but he's more stubborn than practical. He likes to control the things he can, and he thinks he can control this by waiting." Hermione nodded along, half-listening, still distracted by that bothersome piece of lingering mental lint. She knew Malfoy's father had been killed. Everyone knew and had mixed feelings about whether or not Lucius Malfoy had redeemed himself in death. It was such a grey area that Hermione vowed never to broach the subject; it wasn't her place. Hermione also knew Draco's marriage to Astoria Greengrass had been finalised the year his mother had published her book. Hermione heard about the birth of his son, Scorpius, before Al's birth in a roundabout way: the announcement had been splashed all over the society papers Hermione used as compost. Daphne had become a part of her circle of friends after eloping with Dean, and she talked of her nephew from time to time, but mainly with Ginny because Albus was his age. When Astoria died last November, Daphne turned up at Hermione's house at three in the morning the day of her funeral. She was in tears over what flowers to bring. Hermione had given her a pot of gladiolus from her greenhouse, told her to plant them by her graveside, and quietly spelled them to remain in a state of stasis. She'd never met Astoria, but from Daphne, she knew of her strength and sincerity. The flowers seemed appropriate, but the act was done for a friend who was mourning. Not for Draco Malfoy's deceased wife. And while Hermione knew all of this, she had never spared a moment to analyse what any of that meant as it pertained to Malfoy or his state of being. His job. His role as a father and son. The threats against his family. Hermione never once thought about any of those events as something that had occurred in his lifeÑincidents that could and would define him. But they had. "You can't make him prepare," Hermione said in an attempt to firmly push the thoughts away before they could completely crystallise. "It has to be a choice that he makes on his own. One that only he can make." "Perhaps." Narcissa looked grim. "But I would like the time to try. For both of their futures. It is only proper that he marry to provide a mother for Scorpius, which is my goal while I am still alive." She looked as if she were trying to find something in Hermione's expression, and when she found whatever she was searching for, she rose to her feet, smoothing her robes with firm strokes. Her eyes widened slightly when Narcissa gave her a cold look. "It appears that I will not find the extra time I need under your care." Hermione raised a single eyebrow in response. "Just as you are observant, Miss Granger, I am as well. I have not lost myself just yet." Hermione rested back in her chair with a blank look on her face. "I have seen enough Healers in the last year to know that, had you wished to accept me as a patient, this consultation would have gone very differently. You would have done your own diagnostic charms and compared them to the prior readings." She wasn't wrong. "You would have explained why your care has been described by many as exemplary, and by now, we would be reviewing parchments with a more detailed layout of your treatment plans." There was no need to mince words; she'd never been good at it. "You're correct." Hermione stood and walked around her desk, approaching as the other witch watched her every move. Narcissa certainly hadn't appreciated the rejection. No matter, Hermione didn't like the fact that she'd been put in this position in the first place. It was a moot point, but that didn't mean she would be rude. Now, standing in front of Narcissa, she couldn't help but make comparisons between them. While the older witch was put-together, even after her episode during the consultation, Hermione was not. Her hair was pulled back into a rushed bun, and she wore faded jeans, a long-sleeved grey shirt, and ankle-high Wellies. Not professional, but she had been checking on the outdoor herbs after a night of rain when she'd remembered the appointment. There was still dirt on one of her knees, but she made no move to brush it away. Instead, she stood straight under Narcissa's scrutiny. "I'm referring you to Healer Davies. He's excellent and will be willing to accept the terms of your contract." With a wave of her hand, the door opened and the guards filed in. "He would be the best to handle your specific needs." Narcissa bristled. "Might I have a reason as to why you are refusing to accept me?" She held up a hand in gesture for her to wait. "I have answered my own question. Of course, it has to do with our history on opposite sides of the war." "If that were the case, it would be my right to make that decision." She tilts her head. "Don't you agree?" A flash of something passed over Narcissa's face, frustration or shame. She couldn't tell which, but she exhaled and didn't argue. "I do." Hermione noted the reluctance in her voice, but knew that it came from a place of pride. Honesty wasn't easy for everyone. "However, that simply isn't the truth. Regardless of the past, I don't work with patients that I know in any capacity due to the involved nature of the care that I provide. It's a rule of mine that's well-established, and I'm perplexed as to why Theo referred you to me knowing our history." "Theodore has his own motivations." That was something she could agree on. What the motivation was, she wasn't certain, but it had to be large if he thought she would break her rules and treat Narcissa for him. Hermione thought about asking if she knew Theo's end game, but the older witch likely wouldn't tell her without a price. "I suppose he does. However, I don't need his approval to deny you," Hermione said bluntly. "I'll see to it that Roger gets your file and schedules an appointment with you as soon as possible. I wish you the best of luck." "I thank you, Miss Granger," Narcissa said thinly, "for nothing more than wasting my time." Hermione never learned to cook with magic. Even under Mrs Weasley's tutelage, she had never been able to master the craft. Molly said she lacked the driveÑa phrase that had never before been used to describe Hermione Granger. But she had a point. The issue wasn't a lack of interest, it just never felt natural. Perhaps it was due to years of eating her mum's failures and triumphs; still, Hermione found very little joy in food that was too perfect. Something about a meal coming out a bit oblong or a touch too darkÑone she'd made with her own handsÑwas more appealing than one that was flawless thanks to the aid of magic. Ron thought it was a pity that she'd never learned, but he didn't mention it again when she suggested that he should join Harry in taking lessons from Molly if he wanted magically-cooked meals. Not long after moving into her home, Hermione was in a bookstore in Godric's Hollow, on the hunt for a book to help with her struggling plant. She walked down the wrong aisle and came face to face with a row of Muggle cookbooks. Impulsively, she'd purchased one that had simple in the title. It came with a free bookstand, and Hermione left happy with her decisionÉ Until a month later when she attempted Shepherd's pie and needed to air out the smoke and char from her kitchen. After that, she started from scratchÑeggs and boiled potatoesÑand grew from there. Improved. Until she was ready to try recipes out of the book again. Cooking was like potions: if she followed the recipes verbatim, she wouldn't have any issues. And while that wasn't always true, she still used her skills in brewing to get better. The first successful meal Hermione had madeÑthat her friends genuinely enjoyedÑwas Beef Wellington. As they ate and raved, Hermione felt a sense of accomplishment that waving her wand to cook couldn't replicate. Following her appointment with Narcissa, HermioneÑnow far more proficientÑdidn't have the time needed to recreate her first successful dish for dinner that evening, so she opted for something simple: Coq Au Vin with roasted new potatoes and a salad made with homegrown spring greens. She'd just set the warming charms on her meal and started prepping the salad when Harry stepped out of the Floo. Ginny had taken the kids to Shell Cottage that morning for the weekend so they could spend time with their older cousins, Louis and Dominique, who hadn't gone off to Hogwarts yet. Harry brought over a Pinot Noir and a fresh bottle of Ogden's. They'd finished the last one the previous Friday, which had made Saturday rough. Al hadn't minded just lying in the conservatory after their walk towards the forest because, even after a hangover potion, Hermione hadn't been able to do much else. "Hey, it smells great. Do you need any help?" Harry was always willing to assist, but Hermione sat the knife down and shook her head. "I'm putting the last bit into the salad, so no." She grinned and accepted both his embrace and the wine she put in the chiller. The Ogden's went under the island. "We're just waiting for everyone else." "Who all is coming?" "Ron and Pansy." Hermione laughed when Harry rolled his eyes at first. The two constantly argued. But then he smirked because he enjoyed the bickering. "She promised to behave." "I'll believe it when I see it." "Fair point." Hermione shrugged. "How was your day?" It would be rude if she didn't ask, even though she already knew the answer. Harry was promoted to Head of the Auror Office after his predecessor had gotten so fed up with Draco Malfoy that he'd retired eight years early. Harry had no illusions about the reason he'd been promoted. He was, after all, The Boy Who LivedÉ Twice. And the Ministry used Harry the same way they had once tried to use her: as a symbol and a prop; a promotional tool wielded to maintain the public's trust. Unlike her, Harry accepted the role for his own reasons, believing the political motivations for his promotion wouldn't negate the good he could accomplish for the wizarding world and his family. The threat was all too real. His new position came with an office, a generous salary, and the tall task of collaborating with the Terrorism Task ForceÉ and Draco Malfoy. With the public's approval of the Ministry at new lows after a Death Eater attack in December levelled an entire wizarding village, the pressure to make instant, measurable progress was staggering. But despite the heavy odds, underfunding, and general chaos, they'd had successes and captured a handful of high-ranking Death Eaters in the last two months. However, that wasn't enough to appease the Wizengamot. Things had been tense. It didn't help that the two men at the centre of it all could barely stand each other. Years of therapy had equipped Harry with better coping skills, addressed his childhood trauma, and made peace with the long list of losses he'd endured along the way. He was calmer now, able to focus, smiled more, and was harder to angerÉ But he hadn't gotten past his old grudge. At least, not completely. There was something about Draco Malfoy that woke up the fifteen-year-old inside of Harry that wanted to punch him in the face. Regularly. Repeatedly. Harry ranted about him often enough that Hermione would complete several mental tasks and aimless mind-wandering while Harry let it all out. It never failed that whatever she did, whenever she returned to him, he would still be complaining. Today was no exception. "My day was normal in that Malfoy was being an utter bastard." Harry threw up his hands. Hermione started the timer on her watch. She wanted to know if he would break his own rant record this time. "Remember that raid I told you about?" She nodded mechanically. After an exhaustive search, Malfoy had located the Welsh hideout for the Lestrange brothers at the end of last year. Then, he'd recruited a wizard to infiltrate their ranks. Two weeks ago, that spy had reported back that there would be a meeting with the highest-ranking Death Eaters, but the date was not yet known, only that it would be before the end of May. From what Harry had disclosed, it seemed like they could end it all during this raid. Everyone had been discreetly preparing. Curse-Breakers were slowly being pulled off assignment to examine evidence and dark objects found that would assist the prosecution. Hit Wizards and Magical Law Officers were being pulled in to grow their numbers. But they hadn't had the time or capacity for the training needed to make them a more unified front. "YeahÉ Malfoy's dismissed every team lead I've suggested without any reason beyond thinking they're incompetent, but wouldn't suggest Aurors that he approves of because that's my job." Hermione kept her flinch inward. She could hear those words coming from MalfoyÑwell, the sixteen-year-old version of him. And while Harry was a lot of things, he wasn't a reliable source when it came to Draco Malfoy. However, if Hermione were to pass judgement on his character based on Harry's complaints and the bits she had heard about him, she would say he was still the same bastard he'd been during school. No matter how incredibly fit Parvati found him. "Every plan I've designed around entry points into the Manor, he's rejected. He called them simple and said that I'll get everyone killed because my freakishly good luck only extends to me." Privately, Hermione wondered if it was too early to open the Ogden's. For him. "Oh!" Harry snapped his fingers. "And then, I recommended Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder and Malfoy said no, because it's too messy." He wasn't wrong. "I brought in a Wards Expert, but he found someone elseÑa purebloodÑto do it." Harry balled his fistsÑone of the several anger management tips he'd learned over the years. "I just hate that when we meet with the Wizengamot, I have to pretend like everything is just fine. Pretend I'm not working with the biggest wanker I've ever known! And I have to act like a fucking professional when all I want to do is toss him out my window every single time I see his ferret face!" Harry took two deep, cleansing breaths, a technique he'd picked up from Ginny's Lamaze classes. Then he smiled. "That felt good. Better out than in." "True." Hermione stopped her watch, hoping he didn't realise that she was timing his Malfoy.centred rants. He hated when she did that. The record had been six minutes and thirteen secondsÑset the day of their first meeting as heads of their respective departments. They'd nearly come to blows. Today, he hadn't even been close: one minute and thirty-seven seconds. Hermione hoped she wouldn't start another rant with her perspective on the matter. She'd hate to have to restart the clock. "While I don't entirely disagree with MalfoyÉ" At the betrayed look on her best friend's face, she raised both hands. "Hear me out, Harry. He has a point about Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder. It's a hindrance that will only cause more injuries through friendly fire. Besides, last I heard, the Hand of Glory was locked away in the Department of Mysteries. I doubt anyone will approve its usage given its tendency to wind up in the wrong hands." "I didn't think about it like that." Harry rolled his eyes. "If he'd said it like that, I wouldn't have argued so hard." She didn't believe him, but was about to change the subject to Tiberius' visit when Pansy arrived, wearing a long-sleeved turquoise bohemian dress and a positively thunderous expression. If Hermione were a betting person, she'd wager her entire Gringotts vault on the possibility that she was the source of Pansy's ire. And she would be right. Pansy started yelling before Harry could greet her. "I can't believe you rejected her as a patient!" There were moments Hermione reacted too quickly, but far more often, she reacted too slowly. She was human and constantly found herself balancing between extremes. Today Hermione was careful, approaching the island where Harry sat in wide-eyed silence while Pansy vibrated with indignation. Though she had several questionsÑHow? What? When? Who?ÑHermione cast them aside to focus on Pansy before her anger left scorch marks on everything. "This is about Narcissa Malfoy." It was an overly calm, rhetorical statement designed to distract Pansy. And it worked. Her eyes went wide as she sputtered like a fish out of water; her mouth opened and closed just as fast. Before she could get her second wind, Hermione rested one hand on the granite. "I have theories about how you managed to find out so quickly, or why you're involved in this matter to begin with, but I won't deny that I rejected her as a patient." "Why? And don't waste your breath spouting your Healer rubbish about not being able to be objective because you know her. I wasn't born yesterday, Granger." "I don't tell you how to do your job, so you don't get to tell me how to do mine." Harry cleared his throat. "How about I justÑ" "Harry." Without taking her eyes off Pansy, Hermione raised her hand. "Stop talking." "Okay." "Don't talk to him like that!" Pansy cut her eyes to Harry, who looked just as surprised by her defence. "What theÑyou've got me defending Potter, for fuck's sake! You owe me a drink when I stop being mad at you. Shite, that didn't even feel right." Hermione examined Pansy with a probing look she hated. In fact, she probably would have hissed like a cat had they not had an audience. "I'm surprised you're the one arguing on her behalf and not her actual son." "Draco would sooner choke on his pride and die than ask for help from anyone. It's not his way. Control issues galore." Pansy rolled her eyes. "Besides, their relationship is strained at best and he has enough problems on his hands. The threats. Work. I'd say Scorpius, too, but he's not too involved in child-rearing, no matter his opinion on the matter. That's Narcissa's job now that Astoria's gone." Hermione recalled that bothersome thought before firmly locking it away. "Why do you care?" "Narcissa has been more of a mother to me than my own, and that was before she burned me." Pansy looked away, touching her hair, seemingly uneasy with her own candidnessÑ especially around Harry, who looked intrigued. "As soon as she heard I'd left my marriage, she gave me a chance to get away from it all until I was ready to stand on my own." She spoke of Narcissa like Hermione spoke of Mrs Weasley. "When she told me about her illness and Theo said he was going to ask you to take her case, I was relieved because I knew she would be in the best hands. I hoped she might live as long as possible. While I don't exactly agree with how rigid she is with his schooling, Scorpius needs stability. I've seen how dedicated you are to your patients. I thoughtÉ" She cleared her throat. "Well, obviously I thought wrong." "Have you seen me with my patients? Because I don't believe you have. I become a part of their lives for the length of the assignment. I monitor everything from their meals to their family situations, and should anything negatively affect their recovery, I rectify the situation. I grow the ingredients for their potions in my greenhouse, and what I can't find, I acquire, no matter how specific." "IÑ" "It takes time and effort and a certain finesse that's not typical of any Healer out there. I'm not just their Healer. I don't simply wave a wand, feed them potions, and make them better. I look out for their physical, mental, and emotional health. I help their families adjust, because most forget how much of a difference a supportive and knowledgeable family can make when it comes to a patient's care. Narcissa's family situation is convoluted at best. Not to mention the fact that I don't even specialise in her disease." Pansy folded her arms across her chest. "I know that. All of that." "Then you should understand why I won't take her case." For a moment, her blue eyes were unguarded and open. "She just wants time, Hermione." "Roger will beÑ" "Davies? That pompous prat? He'd soonerÑ" "It's not about Roger's personality. It's about his ability to do his job objectively. Narcissa and I have history, Pansy. That's like asking Harry to take care of her. It'sÑ" "I'd do it," Harry interrupted with a casual shrug. She and Pansy turned sharply. "What?" Harry ran a hand through his perpetually unruly hair before brushing it back over his infamous scar. "We've been writing for years. Not often, but a few times. Her letters come to Grimmauld Place." Pansy gaped at him. "I didn't know this." "I think she meant to keep it private. We had tea there when she returned to the country. It was right before Malfoy took the position. Andromeda was supposed to join us, but she declined at the last minute." Sometimes Harry caught her by surprise with the things he kept to himself. "You'd help her?" Pansy stared at him intensely. "Really?" "Yeah." He looked down at his hands. "At one point, she helped us all." Hermione's favourite room in her house was the conservatory. It was a glass-paned addition located just off her kitchen with pitched ceilings that gave her a view of the beautiful land around her home. It also served as a reminder that she was part of the natural order. From any spot, Hermione could see the world beyond her vegetable patch and greenhouse, the separate cobblestone walk that led from the steps to the fence, the field, and the trees in the distance that divided the end of her property and the start of the dense forest. But when simply looking wasn't enough, there was a door that opened up to that world. Pansy had spent the better part of winter turning it into an oasis with creative lighting, floor to ceiling trellis in each corner for climbing roses, decorative rugs that kept the stone floor warm, and a small jungle of plants and flowers elegantly arranged around the room. The lounge area was in the centre of the room, with a dark resin wicker sofa, settee, and two matching chairs, all with plush, cream cushions. They artfully surrounded a glass top table lined with candles that were spelled to turn on whenever someone entered the room. To the right, just beyond the lounge area, was a reading nook tucked off with lamps and a comfortable chaise large enough for two people. It wasn't uncommon for her to fall asleep in the chaise under a blanket while reading a book. Or while gazing at the stars. To the left of the lounge was an eating area with creative lighting for when it got too dark. Hermione's original dining tableÑa circular glass table with six chairs she'd been too sentimental to give upÑserved as the focal point of the area. Hermione frequently had dinner out there with guests. Or alone. Tonight, the four of them sat comfortably, eating and chatting under floating lamps that lined the stone outer wall of her home. The sun had dipped behind the trees as purple dusk began its mission to take over the sky and prepare it for nightfall. The stars would be making an appearance soon, too, and it was forecasted to be clear enough for them to enjoy the sight. While Ron and Harry talked and joked around like always, Hermione drifted in and out of their conversation. They grew more animated as dinner progressed and their lips loosened over the lager Ron brought with him. Neither were keen on the wine she and Pansy drank. As usual, Ron sat too close. Close enough for Hermione to feel his thigh brush against hers. Close enough for her to catch a small whiff of the scent she often associated with him. Hermione knew what he was doing, the goal he was trying to accomplish. Ron wasn't nearly as subtle as he thought, especially when he rested his hand on the back of her chair while talking to Harry. He wanted her to let him back in, and he would keep trying, bit by bit, until she did. But more than stubborn, Hermione was uninterested. So, when his fingers absently brushed against her hair, she scooted away, shutting him out while Pansy glared at him. And Hermione watched her. Pansy had let the earlier conversation lapse with Ron's arrival, but she was well aware the other witch was plotting. Pansy was more tolerable than expected. Tactfully amicable. Pansy would play nice and bide her time like a coiled snake, waiting for the perfect moment to strike. Hermione was no one's prey. The wards alerted Hermione to the arrival of an unexpected guest. "Percy's here." Hermione nudged Ron with her elbow. "Okay?" Ron was confused. "And who is that?" Pansy asked. "Percy is one of Ron's brothers. IÑ" "Oh, right." Ron jumped from his seat and headed towards the door. Not paying attention, he nearly clipped the settee, but recovered. "He bought tickets to tomorrow's Cannons game and I told him to bring them here." "The tickets weren't free?" Pansy asked with a bemused look. "As if I'd pay one Knut to see them lose." Ron looked both outraged and insulted, but he ended up sputtering like an engine that failed to start and vanished into her house after giving Pansy a deathly glare she laughed at. Harry and Hermione chuckled into their respective drinks and exchanged knowing looks. Pansy wasn't wrong, but neither would even so much as hint at that to the lifelong fan. "As much fun as this has been." Pansy finished the rest of her wine and stood, pushing her chair in. "I have reached my Weasley quota for one day. The addition of another simply will not do." Hermione would have explained, but thought it better for her to find out on her own. "Percy's different," Harry said. "Does he have table manners?" It was a serious question. "In a manner of speaking," he answered cryptically. Hermione laughed, resting her hand on her cheeks, warmed from the wine. "In a manner ofÑ" Pansy blinked at him incredulously. "Haven't I suffered enough? OfÑ" "Good evening." Percy's polite yet posh baritone floated from the doorway before he approached the table with Ron. Everyone turned. That was the sort of presence Percy had developed over the years. He'd always been different, but over time, he'd grown out of his desperate need to prove he was better than his family. Percy had become a man who knew exactly who he was, where he'd come from, and what he was worth. As Head of the International Magical Office of Law, Percy walked with a pride that reflected all he'd learned and experienced. Hermione couldn't help but notice that the two brothersÑin addition to being contrary in personalityÑwere also visual opposites. Ron had made an effort tonight with dark jeans, a white shirt, and brushed hair. Taller than all of his siblings, he moved with a swagger of self-assurance, like someone settled without a care in the world. Percy, on the other hand, possessed the ease of a seasoned diplomat. Dressed casually in grey tailored trousers, a matching waistcoat, and a white and purple chequered shirt, the only thing missing was his usual bowtie. Hermione had never seen Pansy look so confused. "You're a Weasley?" "I am." Percy was taken aback, but recovered smoothly. "And you areÉ" When Pansy didn't respondÑtoo busy blinking like her brain had short-circuitedÑHermione stepped in to help. "This is Pansy." Percy's blue eyes briefly slid to Hermione. "Ah." He took another step, courteously extending his hand. "And your surname?" Finally, Pansy remembered herself. She looked at his hand, then at him. "I'm between surnames right now." Harry almost choked on his drink. Ron, who had returned to his seat during the introduction, slapped him on the back. Percy suppressed a smirk of his own, but didn't retract his hand, maintained eye-contact with a determined look on his face. Hermione thought she'd have to intervene, but Pansy accepted his hand. "It's a pleasure to meet you," Percy said. "Oi!" Ron glared at his brother. "I thought you were coming to say hello to Harry and Hermione." "I've changed my mind," he said while maintaining eye contact with Pansy, whose cheeks had taken on a slight colour. After clearing her throat, she slowly pulled her hand free. Hermione didn't miss the way she flexed her fingers before closing it into a fist and tucking that arm behind her back. Pansy looked around the room as if searching for something important. Probably the portal back to the universe where everything made sense to her. Hermione almost laughed. "If you don't mind the intrusion," Percy said, glancing at Hermione, "I think I'll stay." "Of course not. Pansy here was just leaving." Percy glanced back at her. "Oh, you are?" "To get more wine, of course." Pansy did just that before Hermione could remind her of the half-full bottle on the table. Percy took the empty chair next to hers, smoothing invisible wrinkles from his trousers. She glanced over at Harry, who was observing with a raised eyebrow peeking over the rim of his glasses. Ron started talking about the seats for the game while Hermione tilted her head at Percy, who was now making sure his already perfectly styled hair was just right. Hermione finished her wine. "How was your day, Percy?" "I didn't offend her, did I?" "Why does it matter?" Ron frowned in confusion. "It's just Pansy bleedingÑ" "Shut up, Ron," Harry and Hermione said simultaneously. The answer to his question was no, but it was also precarious. However, it wasn't her place to tell him any of that. Being burned and ostracised from society turned Pansy into a cautious person, a planner who liked to know what was coming so she could adequately prepare herself. She was excellent at reading people and the sort of person who was jadedÑor arrogantÑenough to believe herself immune to being surprised by anyone or anything. Hermione never had the heart to tell her truth: the game of life didn't have a standard set of rules. Humans were more complicated than whatever system she had used to sort them all. One day she would meet someone she couldn't immediately categorise. And judging by the way she'd bolted, that day was today. And that person was Percy Weasley. Percy stood when Pansy returned with a single wine glass in her hand. She offered no excuses for why she hadn't grabbed another bottle either. In truth, she looked far more composed until he pulled out her chair. She stared at him. He held her gaze. The standoff lasted until Ron abruptly stopped talking about the game. "Oh, for fuck's sake, just sit down, will you?" They both glared at him. "Percy thinks of himself as a perfect gentleman. Bit of a tosser, really." Ron only half meant it based on the smirk on his face. Pansy's expression deepened into distaste, eyes narrowing into tiny slits, but she sat down without further argument. Percy adjusted her chair and returned to his before reaching for an empty glass and the bottle on the table, chilled with magic. He poured himself a glass then turned to Pansy. "Would you care for more wine?" She was hesitant, still puzzled by his entire existence, but offered her glass. "Yes, please." Percy smiled. The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. Leo Tolstoy Percy & Pansy Source: Jaxxinthebox Chapter End Notes A/N: Wanted to show Hermione in full-on could-have-been-a-politician mode. And some of you all guessed it, Narcissa was the mystery patient. And you already know that's not over. And you've met my main side couple. Inspired by Pacific Rimbaud's "The Secretary" which got me hooked on the concept of Percy and Pansy. Cheers! Embedded art by Jaxx-in-a-box [ Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Art for this chapter: Percy and Pansy by hana_bob Chapter 4: Theory of Incompatibility Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Four Theory of Incompatibility March 25, 2011 Hermione had always been fascinated by the stars. Sometimes, on nights that were clear and unseasonably warm, she would take a blanket out into the pasture behind her house to lay out and gaze up at the sky. It made Hermione feel small, overlooked, but she liked that. Every pain and anxiety she carried from war and recovery, the worries that fluttered in and out of her mind, everything that culminated and threatened to consume herÑit was less overwhelming whenever she inhaled, exhaled, and reminded herself that she was just one person in the middle of something much larger. The universe. And Hermione knew her place in it. She was vital to few, important to some, a face in the crowd to others, and a stranger to most. Overall insignificant in the greater cycle of nature. There to serve her purpose. To live life the best way she knew how. During those brief, tranquil moments, while in contact with the earth and dwarfed by the heavens above, she was content. At peace. Free. Insignificance, she'd realised during therapy, wasn't demeaning, simply a reminder that she didn't have to be everything at all moments. Only herself for that moment. Armed with that understanding, the entire universe had unlocked itself, stretching out before her, and filling her up with the notion that anything was possible. Tonight she didn't wait long after Girls' Night concluded before she made her way outside with her blanket. Still warm from wine, Hermione laid out in the grass and observed the sky. The night was clear, with just enough thin clouds to partially obscure the waning gibbous moon, allowing her to properly observe the sky dotted with stars. Some were large, others little more than a speck to her naked eye, but it was all stunning. The chorus of chirping bugs was peaceful. Calming. Hermione spotted the Big Dipper first, tilted right on its handle, then she followed it towards Polaris. Up and over, she landed on the ever-present Draco, which weaved its way between both dippers. From tip to head, Hermione used her finger to draw the dragon's body in the sky. She was moving towards Eltanin when the hum of her wards interrupted. Harry and Ron. A surprise, though not unwelcome. Hermione watched their approach: identifying them less by their magical signatures, and more by the way they walked. Even in the grass, Ron was loud; Harry moved with stealth due to years of being both an Auror and a parent. He was also more identifiable because he'd come bearing another blanketÑone that looked to have come from her sofa. Thoughtful. She never accounted for how cool it would get while she was out there. Harry took to unfolding the blanket while Ron plopped down next on her, greeting her with a boyish smile. The moonlight highlighted the blue of his eyes and flush of his cheeks. "Hey." "Hey," Hermione returned as he settled next to her. "You smell like a pub." Ron laughed like he always did when he was pissed. "Seamus was in town and we had to take advantage of Harry's free night. We met up at The Leaky, but ended up across town at a bar closer to Dean's house. He didn't want to be too far away from Daphne." "She's not due until June." Ron only shrugged; he had no practical experience with babies outside his nieces and nephews. Harry fanned out the blanket and covered them. "She wasn't feeling well." "Ah." She'd have to pay her a visit. Pretty soon, Hermione was wedged between her first friends, huddled under the same blanket. Warm and content, it felt like home. It felt like family. That feeling had never changed. Harry was looking up with his hands behind his head. Hermione knew he had no idea what he was looking at because he'd never bothered to remember what they'd learned in Astronomy. Ron was in a similar position, with one hand tucked behind his head and the other mere centimetres from hers, equally as unaware. She moved her hand away. Ron dozed off in the time that passed, his head right at her shoulder and breath on her arm. It was only when he let out a light snore that Harry said, "I didn't want you to find out about Narcissa Malfoy like that." It was the last thing she'd expected from him. "You don't have to tell me everything." "Yeah, I know, but I didn't tell you because I wasn't sure how I felt about it myself. It wasn't bad. She'sÉ" He lifted up and used one hand to scrub his face. After struggling to find the words, he settled on: "Interesting." It was reflex that made her snort in disagreement, but Harry laughed all the same. The Narcissa Malfoy she'd met was far more than merely interesting. Complicated seemed more like it. Also: shrewd, overbearing, and proud. Still, she understood why Theo had recommended her over the no-nonsense Susan. "I learned a significant amount of fairly useless information, mostly about wizarding etiquette, but she wasn't mean. Malfoy reminds me of her when he's glaring or questioning someone's status as a being capable of higher thought. Which isÉ basically all the time." Harry shook his head in amusement. "Oh, and she asked me why I named all my children after dead people, so that was fun." There was a moment's pause before they both started laughing. "What did you say?" Hermione asked. "I asked her why everyone in the Black family was named after stars. She looked at me as if I were a special sort of idiot before she said: tradition. Then, she gave me a look that said 'your move' and I just shut up after that." Hermione couldn't hold back her smile. "She's sharp, that's for sure." Which made her inevitable decline all the more tragic. And sobering. Humbling, really. Everything she'd created, built, and overcome, she would soon forget. Hermione couldn't fathom losing her memories. They were pieces of who she was: the good and the bad. Connections between the past and present paved the way for the future. Losing that was a fate no one deserved. One worse than death. "She knew I was going to turn her down before I said anything," Hermione confessed. Harry's eyes found hers. "Why did you turn her down? I won't act like I understand your job, because I don't, but I've never seen you decline anyone." "I don't work with people I know." Ron snuffled in his sleep, his hair tickling her jawline. "Do you really know her?" Harry asked. "Outside of the war, you've got little idea about who she is. You don't know who she's become since. I confess I still don't, but as a parent, I understand her reasons. If I had to, I'd ask Malfoy for help if it meant more time with my kids." Hermione highly doubted that, no matter how serious he sounded. "Besides, you worked with Molly after her poisoning." "That's different," Hermione argued gently, unable to raise her voice at him in any way. They'd been through too much for that. "Narcissa is going to need years of care to fight a battle she's never going to win." "Who better to have on her side than you?" She stared at Harry for a long time, repeating his question in her head over and over, unable to formulate a response. Ron moved, mumbling unintelligible words under his breath as he shifted closer to her. "On a different topic: what are you going to do about that?" Harry nodded in Ron's direction. When she gave him a long look, he feigned an innocent expression. "I'm not getting involved, just asking a question." "What's there to do? We broke up. Years ago. Messily, as I'm sure you remember." The look on his face clearly told her to stop kidding herself. He'd never put himself in the middle of their issues, not even while they were dating. He'd always played the role of the mediator. When it got too bad, he just hid from them both until whatever fight had been resolved. Better than choosing a side. "You know what I mean, Hermione." Harry frowned. "He thinksÑ" "I'm aware of what he thinks, but he's wrong." "Then maybe you should start dating." He ran a hand through his dark hair, messing it up beyond repair. Clearly, he wanted to have the conversation less than she did, but that didn't stop him from talking about it. "As long as you're single, he'll always think he has a chance. He'll never let up. He's stubborn like thatÑlike you." She cut him down with another glare that seemed to roll off him like water. "Hear me out, if you're not so available, he'llÑ" "I don't want to date someone just to make a point, Harry. You know that's not who I am." "I'm not saying that." Harry kept his voice low, his words slow and measured. "I'm saying bring someone around and show Ron that you aren't an option." "Saying I'm not an option should be enough." "I know. I do." "Then why bring it up at all? Why not encourage him to move on?" "I have been, but he's insistent this time." Harry sighed. "If you're unavailable, he'll get the message, and I won't have to listen to his plans for getting you back knowing they won't work." Hermione knew how much of a strain their failure to launch had put on him. "I'll think about it." "That's all I ask." Harry knew her well enough to know that she hardly ever made impulsive decisions. Breaking up with Ron certainly hadn't been one. Quitting the Ministry. Healing. Nothing was done rashly, only after deep thought and consideration of all points. Shifting a bit on the blanket, he turned his body towards her, opened his mouth, and paused. "I know what you'll say. You're happy as you are, but I also know you, Hermione. I know you're stagnant because you're looking for something you haven't found yet." She didn't argue. In the quiet, Hermione could admit that he wasn't wrong. "What do you think I'm looking for?" "What most people look for. Something deeperÉ with greater meaning. Connection. Emotion. Something real." Harry struggled with his next words. "I hope you find it. I know I don't say it as much as I should, but I appreciate everything you do. We all do. You give a lot Ñnot just to your patients, but to your friends as well. To us, especially with Albus. I worry it's too much." Hermione shoved him lightly. "Are you getting maudlin on me?" "No." He rolled his eyes. "But it would be nice for you to get something back in return." "It's fulfilling helping everyone. I'm content and know my limits." Hermione saw his expression turn serious in the near darkness, which made her stop. A light breeze danced in the trees. "Everything I do is because I want to. You know that, right? I don't do it to get something back." "And that makes you deserve whatever it is you want even more." March 28, 2011 No one was more surprised than Molly Weasley when Hermione turned up at the Burrow early Monday morning, armed with a wicker basket full of fresh vegetables and eggs from her small chicken coop. It wasn't much, but they didn't need to keep much around anymore. At least not until the first Sunday of each month, when all the local Weasleys, family friends, their significant others, and any children not away at Hogwarts gathered for family dinner. Appreciative as always, Molly asked her to stay for a while and had a cup of tea ready before she could decline. That was her way. Nurturing, albeit a bit pushy, but her heart was always in the right place. "How are you feeling, dear?" Mrs Weasley's motherly smile made her grin. Reaching over, she tucked a hair behind Hermione's ear. "You're not working too hard, are you?" "I'm doing well, not working too hard, I promise." Hermione sipped her tea, noting the slice of lemon in her Earl Grey. Molly had gotten the sugar just right, as well as the questioning. How strange. A question that drove her to irritation with her own mother sounded so different coming from Molly. "I've gotten my last assignment swapped over to a Primary Healer for maintenance. He's doing quite well. It's remarkable." "That's exciting, dear. I saw his wife in Diagon Alley and she couldn't stop singing your praises. I'm so happy for their family to be whole again." Her smile was genuine, if a little sad like it always was when she thought about Fred. It wasn't much, but it was all Molly could muster. Grief never arrived or left on schedule. Hermione readied herself for its visit by scooting her chair closer and resting her head on Molly's shoulder. They stayed like that until she affectionately squeezed Hermione's arm. "Thank you." "Anytime." Molly smiled. "You do look rested." "I slept well last night." She, Harry, and Ron had spent the evening watching movies at Harry's house. It was his last night before Ginny and the kids returned from Shell Cottage, but he had to work so they weren't up too late. Ron had the next day off and had seen her home. "Good, now drink up before it gets cold." Molly watched until Hermione scooted back and obediently took another sip. "I'm glad you're resting between assignments. I'm proud of you, but you do tend to overextend while you're working. Don't forget to make time for yourself." "I won't." Again. The unspoken implication hung in the air between them. More than awkwardness between Harry, Hermione worried most about what Molly would think when she broke up with Ron. Their past was a bit rocky, but by then, Mrs Weasley was more than a mother figure, she was someone she trusted and confided in. They disagreed as often as they agreed, but overall Molly had given her example after example of how blood didn't always make a family. She was supportive when Hermione returned from Australia with only her parents' forgiveness and phone number, holding her long after she'd cried herself to sleep. And she'd continued that support through the breakup with Ron and then when she'd woken up in St Mungo's, fragile and lost. Molly had seen her through recovery and therapy, Healer Academy, and beyond. Never wavering, sometimes lecturing and nagging, but always loving her. Hermione had returned the care, albeit unexpectedly, two years ago. Molly had come into contact with a letter that had been smeared with poison and delivered to the Burrow, and Hermione taken over her treatment, brewing the antidote with time to spare and no lasting effects. After that incident, Hermione figured out the spell that made them all Unplottable. "Have you and Neville started planning the next planting season? If you haven't yet, let me know when you do. I'd love to help." "Oh, you don't. We canÑ" "I insist." Molly smiled wistfully. "The wars, losing my brothers, Fred, and everyone elseÉ It made me realise how precious time is. Being poisoned reminded me of that as well. It's simple things like planting fruits and vegetables with the little ones that make me appreciate life more. It's priceless. They don't stay little forever, you know, but the memories I make with them will outlive me." The statement stuck with Hermione, and made her revisit her argument with Pansy and her discussion with Harry about Narcissa. She thought about what she knew, what she didn't, and what she had learned along the way. Time was something Narcissa Malfoy was poised to pay any price for, but she would never be able to purchase enough. It must have been difficult for her to swallow her pride and ask for Hermione's help when that was something she had given Molly for free. "What's troubling you, love?" Hermione almost diverted to another topic, but she couldn't. She needed someone objective. Someone without a vested interest in the matter. "I had a consultation with a patient." Hermione carefully considered her words. "She has a disease that I can possibly slow the progression of, with long-term aggressive care, but I declined the case." "Oh, dear, why?" "Theo suggested her, knowing that she was against my rules." "Because you know her?" Molly waited for Hermione to nod. "Then I'm sure he had his reasons." "He did." Hermione was still mulling over that bit. There was one thing about the situation that didn't make sense: Theo's role. The reason for his involvement. His game. She simply couldn't accept the fact that she was the mother of someone Theo considered part of his family. "I don't know what his motivations are, but she requested the best Healer and he thinks I'm it." "From what I've heard of your work, and seen of it myself, I'd have to agree." Molly smiled proudly. "I was supposed to take a lot longer to heal from the poison, but you had me back home quicker than anticipated with your quality care." Lowering her head in quiet modesty, Hermione tucked her hair behind her ear. "It's different with her disease than your poisoning. Her disease is not so uncommon in Muggles, but it is rare in wizardsÑand aggressive. So aggressive, in fact, that not much is known about it. I can't even guarantee that I'll be able to provide the care she needs or the time she wantsÉ it's outside my purview." "I'm confident that you'll read and research to figure out if you can give her the proper care." "You make it sound like I'm going to take the case." "Aren't you? If it were me or Arthur or anyone you care about, would you do it?" "I wouldn't hesitate." "Well, that's against your rules." Molly met her with a challenging look. "Why is this person any different?" Hermione thought back on the way she and Narcissa had glared at each other in her office last week. The differences between them were more than a matter of social class and individual temperament. It went down to their core values and blood. "Plenty of reasons. If the circumstances were reversed, she wouldn't spare me a second thoughtÑ" "I've never seen you turn down someone in need. Not even when you don't like them or vice versa. I've seen you accept patients that don't respect you until after they've been in your care. It's never mattered to you. They are your patient and you remain objective no matter what. You treat them no matter what." In response to Molly's argument, she had no words. "I can't tell you what to do, love. In the end, it's your decision and I'll support whatever you decide. But give it some thought." "I will." "Good." Molly smiled. "Now, when is Neville coming?" "Saturday morning. Harry's taking Lily for a daughter date, so Ginny will come over with the boys to help clear the spot in the vegetable patch. All the seedlings are ready, Neville brought over pots for the aubergines, celery, and broccoli. I let them each pick a fruit or vegetable they want to plant in the greenhouse. Any preferences?" "Cucumbers, definitely. Last year's were so crisp and lovely." Hermione nodded; she already had some ready to be planted. "What did the kids pick?" "Al wants watermelon, which is a tall order, so we'll see. James wants grapes, but I'd definitely have to grow them in the greenhouse with the fruit trees. Lily will eat anything off a bush. I've pruned the blueberry bush and it's looking to be a great year for them. She'll like that. Ginny agrees with James about grapes so I can make wine." They both fondly rolled their eyes. "Regardless, it will be fun." "And what do you want?" Hermione shrugged with a soft smile. "A healthy vegetable patch." "You've got to want more than that." She shook her head. "Healthy crops will suffice." "If you say so." Molly was quiet for a moment and Hermione thought she would make another go at trying to make her confess to wanting more, but then she asked, "Did Ron make any suggestions?" Ah. There it was. Hermione's only problemÑand a similar complaint she had with her own motherÑwas the fact that Molly was still determined for her to become her daughter. In one way or another. "He's invited himself to help this weekend." Molly couldn't hide her elation. "Such a good man, my son is. Always willing to help those he cares about." She gave her a meaningful look that Hermione ignored by drinking her tea. "He's even upstairs right now taking care of the ghoul who woke up Arthur and I this morning by banging on the pipes. He should be down soon." Almost on cue, her youngest son strolled into the kitchen, sweeping his hair from his face. He was dressed in dark jeans, trainers, and the Arsenal jersey her dad had given him ages ago for Christmas. "I've finishedÑ" Ron noticed Hermione just as she finished the last of her tea. "Hey, what are you doing here?" "She brought over eggs and vegetables," Molly said before Hermione could speak. "Be sure to bring her a gift for good luck when we plant this weekend." Hermione's eyes narrowed at the pointed look she gave her son. She had never heard of such a tradition. Molly slowly rose to her feet, lovingly patting her on the shoulder. "You two chat, I'll put up the vegetables." "I canÑ" "No, no. I can handle this. I'll be back soon." Ron watched his mother leave, but before he could take her seat, Hermione stood, ready to leave. Unfortunately, the action put her directly in front of Ron, who wore a look she was all too familiar with. "What are you doing the rest of the day?" The question tumbled out in a rush. At the impatient sigh she involuntarily gave off, he cringed and ran a nervous hand through his hair. "It's been a while since we've hung out. Just the two of us." That was intentional. The last time they'd been alone together, Hermione made a few regrettable decisions out of a culmination of weakness, loneliness, and a habit of doing stupid things to avoid bigger issues. Old habits died harder than she cared to admit. She really had known better. Falling into bed with Ron was equally as problematic as it was destructive. Sex wasn't the issue. Ron was good. When he was passionate, he put everything into it. And he was enthusiastic about her. It just wasn'tÉ enough. It wasn't right. And the problem had less to do with her not wanting him than her wanting something else she couldn't identify. More maybe? Harry had been more right than she ever cared to admit. Ron had seized the opening. What was missing hadn't mattered to either of them at that moment. Not when Ron was right there, kissing her tirelessly, caressing her gently. He did every little thing she wanted, all the ways she wanted, not out of instinct, but born of familiarityÑbecause she'd already told him how to make her happy. Showed him how she liked it. And while Hermione tried to focus on the act itself, focus on him, she couldn't blot out the truth. She was trying to fill a hole with air. She was searching for something she couldn't identify in a place she already knew it wasn't. A place it would never be. That had been over two years ago. After, Hermione told him that it could never happen again and maintained her distance when he didn't believe her. She'd created better boundaries. Organised, categorised, and numbered her rules for why she couldn't do that again. She'd even reinforced her walls every time he tried to breach them. And, more importantly, Hermione successfully suppressed that little feeling of something she hadn't been able to identify. It was irrelevant anyway. She had what she needed in her work and friends. Her life was great. She was healthy and content again. All that feeling had done was make her chase something that didn't exist, like smoke slipping through her fingers, and make poor life choices along the way. But while Hermione moved forward, Ron very much wanted to go back. He stood in front of her like personal space meant nothing. "I'm picking colours with Pansy today for my bathroom." Hermione carefully sidestepped him. "You're welcome to come with us." Ron blanched as if he'd eaten something foul. "I still don't understand why you're friends with her. She tried toÑ" "My friendship with her is my own business. We've made peace with the past. I signed a treaty. Literally. It's done. I've let it go and so has Harry. If he can move on, how is it your right to cling to the past? They'll never be best mates, but they're at least civil with each otherÉ" She thought about the time Harry and Pansy had yelled at each other while she and Ginny watched with amusement and shared taffy. "Well, for the most part." "I really don't want to talk about her. I just want to spend time with you." Hermione folded her arms, eyebrow raised at the intimate tone in his voice. "Respect my choice." "I do. I just think you're wrong." "You didn't think that when we broke up. In fact, you were relieved, if I remember correctly." Ron couldn't deny the truth, but that didn't mean he wouldn't argue his point. "Yes, but you were working all hours of the day and night, Hermione. I barely saw you. I wanted you home, but when you were, you hardly ever let me touch you because you would complain when I asked you to do anything. You were stressed out all the time and you pushed me away once I quit the Auror department. You were always going to work functions, and I didn't mind going with you, but we never spent any time together because someone was always there to pull you away. When I complained about it, you were dismissive. Of course, I wanted to end it. You were miserable, and so was I." He wasn't wrong. Hermione could admit her faults, and had on several occasions, both to him and her therapist. She wasn't perfect, but her imperfections were only a part of their issues. It wasn't like Ron to highlight his own flaws. "I have several edits to make to your arguments. First edit: I didn't complain when you asked me to do something. You asked me to do everything. I cooked and cleaned after working all day, and you sat there like it was an expectation. I'm not your bloody mother. Second editÑ" "I'm not trying to argue with you, Hermione." He had the gall to sigh. "You don't want to argue?" She was already mobilising her fleet of responses and her artillery unit for one, ready to pick anything and everything out of the sky with precision and accuracy. "That's interesting when youÑ" "No." Ron huffed, running a hand over his face. "Okay, maybe I said that wrong. I'm trying to point out that we're different now. When you had your seizure and you quit your jobÉ things changed and got better. You're better now and so am I. I've figured out what I want to do, and you'reÑthe timing is right. We're older. More mature. We can do this." "You don't love me, Ron." She peered up at him with her mouth in a tight line. "Not really." "That's not true." "It is. You say that we can do this. That we're older and things are better. But not once did you say that you still love me." Wide blue eyes contrasted his reddened cheeks. Hermione shook her head. "It's okay that you don't, Ron. Stop forcing yourself to settle for me when I'm not what you truly want." "Just because I didn't say it, doesn't mean I don't feel it." "You're circling again because you think things will be easier now, but they won't. You think what happened changed me, but you're wrong. It only changed my career trajectory, not who I am." She didn't need any more data to prove their personalities didn't work together. They had years of evidence to support her theory of incompatibility. Exhaling her frustration, Hermione rubbed her temple then ran her hand over her face and took another deep breath. "I just want to leave us in the past where we belong. I want my friend back." "You like action more than words." He stepped closer. "So, let me prove it to you." Ron stuck to his beliefs. It was an admirable quality, but just now it was bothersome. What he didn't understand was that she didn't have to do anything. She wasn't obligated to give him an opportunity to resurrect their dead relationship because it was something heÑand everyoneÑ wanted. Expected, even. It didn't work like that. Hermione didn't owe any of them a thing. "I'm leaving. I'll see you this weekend for planting, if you decide to come." Hermione went into the kitchen, where Molly stood at the sink pretending to wash vegetables. She'd heard everything. "I'm leaving, I'll see you Saturday." "Okay, love." Molly gave a faint smile, hesitated, then added, "You do know that I love you both. I've always thought you two would work things out in your own time, but give him some thought." At the affronted look blossoming on Hermione's face, Molly held up her scarred hand. "And if you truly don't love him anymore, don't give him a chance to show you his affections. Let him go so he can move on." What Molly didn't understand was that her advice was too late. Hermione already had. March 29, 2011 When Hermione committed to an idea, she was a Seeker with a Snitch in sight. She'd promised Molly she would think it over, and she did. At sunrise she took her tea and disappeared into her office with Narcissa's file to review and reflect. It turned into a deep dive off a cliff that sent her to unexpected places. Like her parents' home. Her mother was out shopping and her dadÑa late riser since retirementÑwas just starting his day. Teacup in hand, he looked surprised to see her standing in the doorway. "Hi?" "Sorry, I know it's early, Dad, but can I use your computer?" "Of course." Her dad accompanied her into the living room. "Your mum never uses it despite insisting we have it." "Thanks." For two hours, Hermione scoured the internet for research and printed articles on the Muggle counterpart to Narcissa's condition: Lewy Body Dementia. The idea was to learn as much as possible about the disease: the history, symptoms, causes, protein build-up responsible, steps in diagnosis, and progression. Hermione absorbed every detail she could, making notes on a scrap of paper that turned into a notebook when her dad took pity on the overcrowded paper. When he pulled up a chair next to her, Hermione asked, "How much do you know about dementia?" "I'm a retired dentist." Her dad shrugged. "I know about as much as the average person who has no experience with it." He eyed the stack of papers next to the printer. "But what I do know is if you print everything out, we'll need more paper. The cartridge is new, though. It's another thing your mum insisted on having but doesn't use." They shared a smirk. Typical. Hermione bit her fingernail. "Can you get more paper, please? It's about a case I promised to have a second look at." "Oh?" He rarely showed interest in her work. "I didn't think wizards could get diseases like dementia. Or if they did, magic would fix it." "It's not common, but in this case, there's something in the magical core that makes it progress quicker." The one time having magic wasn't beneficial. Her father looked confused so Hermione did her best to explain. "Magic can protect us from a lot, but not everything. In the end, we're still human and our bodies are subject to the same decay." "True, but why research Lewy Body Dementia if it's not what she has?" "Because it's the closest one there is to what she has. Dementia is rare in wizards, there's a little research out there. The Americans have more cases, but no cure, only a course of care and treatment plan. There are other books, too, and getting a working knowledge of something similar may be effective in the long run. This form of dementia in wizards has similar symptoms, and the nature of the diseases are almost identical. It's only the speed of the progression that differs." Her dad was quiet long enough for Hermione to return to scrolling. "You remind me so much of your mum right now." Her dad's smile was modest yet indulgent. "What do you need?" Talking to him had been harmonious and fluid in a way she had sorely missed. It feltÉ nice. They had the same eyes and nose and chin, but for the first time in a while, she didn't feel like a familiar stranger. She actually felt like his daughter. "I'll need paper." Her voice was quiet, heart thundering in her chest. "One or two?" Caught up in the rush of emotions, Hermione barely heard him. "Hmm?" "Paper packs. One or two?" She smiled slowly. "Best make it two." With a nod, he left her alone. It took a minute for Hermione to refocus on her task, but she buried herself in research, moving from one article to the next, frowning at what she found. The disease was relentless, even in Muggles, and receiving a conclusive diagnosis took just as long. Pansy had mentioned that Narcissa had been seeing Healers for at least a year before her diagnosis, which begged the question: How long had she been experiencing symptoms? In Muggles, there were seven stages to dementia, but most patients weren't diagnosed until the fourth. Hermione was steadily making notes when a voice interrupted her concentration. "You should eat." It was her dad again, and he wore a black jacket, his hair clearly tousled by the wind. He also looked slightlyÉ wet? Was it raining? Had he already gone out? One look at the two packs of perfectly dry printer paper under his arm answered her question. In the other was takeaway. "That was fast," Hermione said in wide-eyed bewilderment. "I didn't hear you leave." Her dad chuckled with a quick shake of his frizzy head. "I've been gone an hour. Here. It's probably not as organic as you eat from your garden, butÉ" He sat a bag with what looked like a salad in front of her and awkwardly cleared his throat. "I thought maybe you hadn't eaten?" "Thanks. It's perfect." Outside of whisky-induced moments while painting, he wasn't too expressive. Hermione watched him load the printer with more paper, noting the second food container on a nearby table. "If you want, we can eat together." She was barely able to contain the note of hope in her voice. "No, go ahead. You're researching. I'm going to listen to the Arsenal commentary on the radio." Because she wasn't ready to sever the tenuous connection between them, Hermione ran her fingers through her hair. Then began the careful task of untangling her fingers because she hadn't bothered to brush it that morning after her shower. "So, umÉ when's the next game? Or is the season over? I'm not certain." If this was a way in, she would learn if she had to. Her father looked surprised by the question. "Um. Not over yet. The next game is on the second against Blackburn Rovers. Doesn't look good, but we'll see. It's not been all bad this season." He glanced at her screen. "I'll leave you to it. Let me know if you need anything else." Hermione watched until he was out of sight. Maybe it was nothing, but it felt like something. The salad wasn't good, but the sentiment behind it was enough for Hermione to eat every bite while she worked. Another hour passed before she joined her dad on the sofa. Donning a pair of reading glasses, he skimmed the paper with the sports commentary playing in the background. When he looked over the rim, he noticed her patiently waiting. He ruffled the paper. "What is it?" "Do you have a library card?" Not long later, they were at the library. Her mystified father looked around the library while she searched the shelves. He likely hadn't set foot in there since Hermione was a child, but today he followed behind her while she gathered books on Muggle neurological diseases. A natural step in her pursuit of knowledge. "I think there's a limit." Her dad grinned when she struggled to balance four volumes in her arms while picking up a fifth. He already had three in his arms and looked woefully out of his depth. "In fact, I'm quite certain there is." So there was. Hermione used her dad's card to check out the maximum number, leaving three on the counter with a mournful sigh. They made another stop where she bought him a new set of paintbrushes in thanks before returning home with hundreds of printed pages and a stack of books that were due back in two weeks. It was enough to keep Hermione busy for the rest of the day, but as soon as she made it home, her attention returned to the Healers Narcissa had seen prior to her diagnosis. They had to have files on her, too. Files with pertinent information. She would need those, as well. Just to give Narcissa's case a thorough, fair examination. The Floo calls were uneventful at first. The first three Healers didn't answer. Hermione was just about to give up after drafting owls to send later from the owlery in Godric's Hollow when she realised that, while it was just evening there, it was only around lunchtime where the final Healer was based in Boston. Charles Smith was a graduate of Ilvermorny, and a leading Healer in the field of magical neurological conditions. With twenty years of experience with both the Muggle and magical variety of this disease, he was her best hope for answers. He was also probably eating lunch, but persistence was her middle name so she tried her luck and was rewarded when the Floo finally connected. A voice made the flames dance. "This is Charles Smith." Hermione scrambled to sit in front of the fireplace, her notebook ready. "Hi, sorry for the intrusion and abrupt Floo call." "It's no problem. I was just finishing up a consultation. Your timing is impeccable." Good to know. Now down to business. "Perfect. My name is Hermione Granger and I'm a Healer in London. I was calling because you diagnosed a patient with dementia a few months ago. I'm reviewing their file after a consultation and have a few questions." More like several, but she didn't want to scare him. There was a long enough silence for her to wonder if the transatlantic connection had failed, but then, "And the name of the patient?" "Narcissa Malfoy." Another pause. "Ah, her." That didn't bode well, but considering the person, it made sense. "She's quite difficult." That went without saying. "She subjected herself to my unconventional testing methods, which involve a battery of non-magical tests that generally make most wizardfolk uncomfortable. I think she just wanted answers. However, when I offered to take her on as a patient and work with her Palliative Care Healers, I explained what my care would entail and she didn't agree with my methodology. She said she would find her own Healer." "Oh?" Hermione scratched out more notes. "What didn't she agree with?" "My work with a No-Mag Specialist. They would start her on medication and arrange for Specialists in London to begin working with her." Hermione put her notebook down. Intriguing. "Why a Specialist?" "I've noticed that a combination of magical and non-magical treatment is best to lengthen the time between the phases. When I mentioned my partner and what his care involved, she declined and left my office." "Did she say why?" Hermione popped her knuckles. Her hands were tired from their hard work. "No." Words like prejudice and bigotry came to mind, but Hermione didn't want to judge and sentence Narcissa for a crime she didn't know if she'd actually committed. "I was shocked, but she had a distrust of people without magic that's understandable for patients her age and from her culture. My partner's father is a Squib. His sister is a witch, but he was born without magic. He's familiar with wizarding customs, and I tried to explain this to her, but she refused to have anything to do with him or his methodology. And that was that." "Are there any Healers in my area that have experience with her disease?" "I don't know of any, but dementia in wizards is beginning to rise there. Narcissa was my third patient from overseas that month. The other two started in my care and are doing as well as can be expected." That was good to hear. Charles chuckled to himself, making the flames flare slightly. "It's funny you're calling, the owner of St Mungo's reached out to me and asked me the same questions at the start of the year." Oh? "I advised him to pick someone intelligent with tough skin. They need to be willing to learn a lot very quickly, some background in potions and palliative care is good, physical therapy, too. As long as they're able to treat the situation with a dynamic approach and the delicacy it requires, Narcissa will benefit. With little-known but terminal diseases, it's not a matter of speciality but a matter of patience and understanding." Well, that explained a lot. "Is there a way to incorporate Muggle methods into treating her without a Specialist?" "There are. We focus our treatment on alleviating symptoms. The Muggle Specialist handles the medication aspect of treatment. They focus on therapies, such as physical and speech. Lifestyle changes, too. The same healthy lifestyle changes that are used to prevent dementia in Muggles can also be useful in witches and wizards." "Such as?" "Regular exercise, sleep, mitigating stress, mental stimulation, and social engagement. She has a healthy social life, from what I remember, so I would monitor it to make certain she is not wearing herself out. Also a brain healthy diet. The Healer who cares for her would need to tackle her motor control deterioration and the depression that will likely become an issue as she progresses. Lastly, making sure her family is on board and connected is key, but as a Healer, you know this. In her case, her family needs a plan to ensure her safety as her memories and body deteriorate. From what I understand, she is responsible for her grandson in some capacity." "I recall this." "Remember, she still has magic and accidental bursts of magic are more and more common as she advances. Apparition during a moment of confusion is highly dangerous. Splinching is common and can be fatal." Hermione underlined that note twice. "I'm assuming the magical aspect of treatment involves potions." "Yes, but it's tricky. I've read she's on a five-potion regimen, but I'm not certain if it's working." Judging from what Hermione had seen during their brief meeting, it was not. "I personally use a nine-potion system for my patients. The more specifically targeted the composition of the potion is as it pertains to her metabolic response, the better and more consistently it'll work." And then he listed all nine without her having to ask. Hermione scribbled down each. "There is a potion in development to encompass them all into one. In theory, it may slow the progression of the disease, but we aren't certain. Our researchers are still sorting out the composition and then there's the matter of bureaucracy." She knew a little about how politicians dipped their toes in things they had no business in. "Good luck with that and thank you. If needed, would you be available for future consults?" For other patients, of course. Not Narcissa Malfoy. Hermione had always been committed to the continued sharing of knowledge and Charles seemed like a good ally to have. "I have a Magi-Scheduler, just schedule something when I'm free. You can add me. My middle name is Alexander. There are more Charles Smiths than I can account for." "I'm probably the only Hermione Granger, so I'll be easy to add." They both chuckled and she looked at the time, noticing that almost fifteen minutes had passed. "Thank you. I have a lot to review. Apologies again for disrupting you." "None needed. Good luck treating Mrs Malfoy." "Oh, I'm not treating her. I'm just doing a bit of research." Before ending the Floo call, she swore she heard a very confused, "Wait, what?" Hermione got up, stretched, and went to pour herself black tea with a splash of milk. She was beginning the process of sorting through her findings when she thought about one last call she needed to make: a Floo call to Mrs Malfoy's Primary Healer, who had prescribed the current regimen of potions Narcissa was taking. "Kendrick." The wizard who answered sounded extremely put out. "Hello, my name is Hermione GrangerÑ" "Oh!" With some degree of annoyance, she heard him sputter and noted his abrupt change in tone. "Healer Granger, how can I be of assistance?" "Apologies for the late callÑ" "No, not at all. It's not every day one receives a call from the Hermione Granger. It's an honour." Hermione had to remember she was looking for information, which was going to be an easier mission now that he wanted to impress her. "Thank you. I was reaching out to discuss a patient of yours. Narcissa Malfoy. She was referred to me after being diagnosed withÑ" "Ah, yes. Nasty bit of business her dementia is." "Truly unfortunate." Hermione paused. "How much do you know about her condition?" He obviously hadn't expected her call or line of questioning, so she waited patiently while he found her chartÑa chart Hermione requested a copy of. For review, of course. "Admittedly, I don't know much. I'm more of a General Healer. I prescribed her potions based on what I felt would work best. The Healer who diagnosed her prescribed nine potions, which I thought to be excessive." "How did you pick the five?" "Her disease is incurable. When she sought my care, she was taking seven of the nine that had been prescribed. I picked the five with the most benefits and the least amount of side effects so that she could continue on as normal for as long as possible. It was her request." "And you let patients decide their own treatment?" During the silence, Hermione realised just how snippy her question sounded. "Does she have a personal Potions Master creating these potions specially for her?" "NoÉ" Kendrick sounded like he was trying to figure out how he should feel. "She acquires them from the Apothecary herself." "Did you consider her body chemistry when picking the potions?" "No." That was to be expected from someone with only a passing amount of knowledge on the topic. No matter. The more questions Hermione asked, the more she appeared to irritate him. She didn't know why. Knowing the quantity and quality of ingredients in each prescribed potion was a vital aspect of the art of Healing. When she reminded him of thisÑwell, apparently the firecall disconnected. What a pity. But she could find out for herself. Even without magic, dementia is a strange mind game, Hermione thought as she scoured all the research she had gathered that day. It seemed like magic itself fuelled the disease, making it more unpredictable and aggressive. Full of uncertaintyÑwhich Hermione didn't like. She could keep every variable the same, do everything right, and Narcissa could still die in three years. Or she could live for six. Nine? WellÉ that was unheard of, according to the book. The point was that there were no guarantees, no way to control the outcome or timing, which didn't make her comfortable. But Narcissa wasn't asking for a cureÑshe was asking for time. It wasn't something she couldn't guarantee or even promise. All she could do was try. But would that be good enough? Well, Hermione frownedÑif she were accepting her as a patient. Which she was not. Too full of nervous energy to sit, Hermione drifted around her office, reading and organising her printed research into three piles: relevant, irrelevant, and unknown. She was more than a quarter of the way through when she realised that the sun was no longer in the sky. "Hmm." Then she noticed the haphazard state of the rest of her office. "Well." Someone knocked on her door. Only Pansy. She hadn't even felt the wards tingle in response to her arrival. Interesting. Hermione had half a mind to clear away the papers, but it was too late. Pansy threw open the door. "Granger, you've been in here forÑ" She took one look at the state of her office and gaped. "Are you cracked?" "I'm researching. This is your fault, mind you." Her voice went up an entire octave. "What theÑ" "You're the one who wanted me to reconsider Narcissa!" "Yes, I did, butÑ" Pansy narrowed her eyes. "How long have you been in here?" "It was daylight when I last looked up." "Have you eaten?" "My dad bought me a salad?" Pansy looked her normal level of murderous. "You went to your parents'?" "And the library." She gestured to the books under her 'keep' pile. "I made a few Floo calls, too. One to the American Healer who diagnosed Narcissa." "Okay, let me rephrase this." Pansy's patience was clearly wearing thin. "When was the last time you ate?" "I had a salad." "Fucking hell." Pansy turned on her heel and left. "I'm calling Weasley!" Hermione swore violently, nearly tripping over a pile of papers while she tried to catch up. She called after Pansy but she only covered her ears and made some squawking noise that Luna would have been proud of as she marched to the living room Floo. The last person on Earth Hermione wanted to talk to about her eating habits was Ginny Potter. She craved every moment of peace; there would be hell to pay if she had to show up, not to mention the disappointed looks she'd mastered since becoming a parent. The last time Ginny had worried about her, there had been many memorable threats about calling her therapist Or worse, her mother. No thanks. There was only one option, one move that she could use. She knew better than to bargain with a Slytherin, but desperate times called for desperate measures. "Dinner! Anywhere you want!" Both Pansy and her obnoxious noises stopped. She whirled around, smirking. "I believe we have a deal." March 30, 2011 Roger Davies was a brilliant Healer. His older brother was in the Janus Thickey ward for trying to Obliviate himself after his Muggle-born wife was killed by Snatchers. Because of his brother, and everything his family had endured in the aftermath, maintaining quality mental health was Roger's personal mission. There were countless cases of traumatised Aurors having flashbacks during mission and training exercises. Potions and substance abuse statistics were astronomical, and the sharp increase of instances concerning incorrectly applied memory charms resulted in a surplus of patients in the Janus Thickey ward. After endless petitions, the Wizengamot had allowed Roger to present his proposal for funding to create an Alternative Health department at St Mungo's. The department would research and treat patients whose ailments were primarily mental and didn't fit anywhere else. Working in the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures hadn't allowed Hermione time to attend the hearing, but she'd heard that his proposal had been rejected almost unanimously. Kingsley had been the only approval. Roger's failure was worth mentioning because of what happened next. Roughly six months later, Parvati Patil had published an article in The Daily Prophet about her difficulties with survivor's guilt following the death of Lavender Brown. She'd talked about how she wished the Ministry would help those who were still strugglingÑnot with financial compensation, but actual help. Someone who could help navigate the new normal in their community. A companion piece by Dennis Creeveyhad followed the next day. He'd paid tribute to his fallen brother by using Collin's camera to tell the story of his family adjusting to life without him. The two articles had resonated so strongly with everyone who had lost someone during the war that the public actually started talking about their problems, rather than burying them. In fact, the response had been so powerful that the Wizengamot was forced to approve his proposal or risk the wrath of already waning public opinion. In Roger's eyes, the journey didn't matter, only that he'd won the race. His research on PTSD's effect on magic was ground-breaking, with articles published in papers all over the wizarding world. Precedents had been set. Mental health was no longer a taboo. Even before Hermione's abrupt change in careers, she'd read his papers on the effects of trauma and stress on magic while navigating her own life after the war. It should have prepared her for what happened, but hindsight was always perfect, as the saying went. Hermione held Roger in high regard, but there was just one thing. Well, actually, there was more than one, but first things first: She could never trust anyone with a spotless office. Hermione was a tidy person, but she preferred a certain method to all the madness in her world. She preferred just enough clutter in life to make things interesting without coming across asÑwell, cluttered. With the research that went along with their work, there was always bound to be something lying about. Both Roger and his office looked like they were being featured in Witch Weekly. And with his popularity, that very well could have been true. HermioneÑwho wore coveralls that had seen better days, a white shirt, and trainers with anti-slip charmsÑfelt underdressed. But then she remembered the purpose of her visit. She wasn't there to impress anyone. Hermione knocked on his open door twice, trying not to look too judgmental when he lifted his head from his work and waved her into his pristine office with a genial smile on his face. Roger was handsome in a clinical sense. Brown eyes. Medium build. Short brown hair neatly combed. He gave all appearances of the successful person he was. "Punctual as always. Please, come in." Hermione shut the door behind her. "Afternoon, Roger." When she sat down, Hermione peeked at the file on his desk. Not a patient's file, but research. His latest project involved experimental treatment for the extremely traumatised patients that resided full-time in the ward. From what Padma had told her, the trials weren't going well. "How are you?" Roger greeted Hermione with a friendly smile. Even though their individual war stories had made them famous, they were little more than colleagues with a healthy mutual respect for each other. "I was quite surprised when your name appeared on my scheduler. I thought you were between patients." Everyone was well aware that when that occurred, she barely made an appearance at the hospital for anything except meetings with Theo. In lieu of making forced small talk, Hermione got to the heart of the matter. "I was wondering if you've started working on Narcissa Malfoy's case." "I have not." Roger rested his elbows on his oak desk. "I did, however, review her contract. We're scheduled to meet to discuss my terms tomorrow." "Without looking at her case?" Roger bordered on conceited, never once downplaying his talent and successes. Healers were an arrogant bunchÑHermione, too, by extension. How could patients trust them if they weren't confident in their abilities? "I have reviewed her file, but I also have four other priority cases ahead of hers. If I'm being honest, I only accepted Mrs Malfoy because of your reference and, well, curiosity. I've never seen a case like hers. I'm interested in the possibility of running tests to determine if her condition is genetic or environmental." Tests were all well and good, but Narcissa's disease was in the early stages. The quicker they attacked it, the better chance they had. Which led to something else that bothered her about him: Roger was a researcher. He was meticulous, had an eye for detail, and knew how to back up an argument. Hermione was like-minded, found it easy to work with him, but where they differed vastly was in their bedside manner. Roger looked at his patients, not as individuals, but rather in terms of how they might usefully contribute to his future research. He worked tirelessly, and had a record of successes to warrant his method, but at the end of it all, they were walking, talking, and breathing case studies. Roger worked only high-profile cases, people who'd experienced extreme trauma, or those who had severe psychoses and were too dangerous to be in public. His work, as of late, had been developing an elixir used to combat PTSD with several potion makers, but had a growing interest in cases like Narcissa'sÑwhere Muggle disorders were exacerbated by magic. It had been the reason Hermione had referred the case to him to start with. "Have you created a treatment plan?" Hermione asked. "An outline. I want to run more tests to try and determine the cause." That was perfectly fine, butÉ "When do you plan to start treating her?" "A few months of research will do." Roger stroked his chin, deep in thought. "Then we can begin experimental treatment options." "Aggressive options, right?" "I'll experiment with some known potions right nowÑ" She gave a hard exhale, trying to disguise her frustration. "What combination will you use?" "I haven't thought about it." That made what little patience Hermione possessed slip away. "If you don't mind me asking, what exactly have you thought about?" She was done skirting the issue. She wanted an answer. Sooner rather than later. The abrupt question made him falter, then he cocked his head to the side, fixing her with a hard look. Right then, Hermione realised she'd gone too far. "This feels like an interrogation." "Sorry, that wasn't my intention." It most certainly was, but she knew when to stand her ground and when a tactful backtrack made the most sense. Right then, the latter was quickly determined to be her best optionÑone that didn't ruin a perfectly good professional relationship. "I've spent a bit of time researching her condition and wanted to have a meeting of minds, but I didn't know you hadn't started. My apologies." She gave a soft, self-deprecating laugh and rubbed the back of her neck with one hand, trying to appear awkward. "You know how I am. Insatiable thirst for knowledge." She was reaching, but falling back on history always worked with schoolmates like Roger, and she watched the stern look on his face soften. Then he smiled, shaking his head as he chuckled. "I do know how you are. I remember seeing you in the library all the time. I still believe you would have done well in Ravenclaw." Everyone believed that, but she'd been sorted into Gryffindor and had no regrets. "As a Ravenclaw, I would have still lost a lot of sleep trying to keep Harry alive." "But gained us a lot of house points." He flashed her a charming grin. Hermione gave a nostalgic sigh. "The things I did for the Gryffindor tapestry." Roger laughed harder while she chuckled along for nothing more than the noise it provided in the silence of his office. Comradery. Her misstep was forgiven. She wouldn't let her impatience cause another outburst. Now, for a different angle. Roger loved to pick her brain when he got stuck or something didn't work. Hermione only gave little clues to satisfy him. And she never gave them for free. "When I came in, I saw that you were reviewing your research on the new experimental treatment regimen for extreme cases of emotional trauma." He didn't bother asking how she'd seen all that so quickly. "Yes, the trials aren't going well." "I heard." Hermione frowned, briefly lamenting with him. "And I might have a few thoughts about it." "Go on." "I believe your failure was due, in part, to the addition of the Draught of Peace. Long-term use of it causes blunted reactions. Have you considered the Elixir of Tranquillity? It's stronger, but not habit-forming or dangerous if brewed incorrectly. Might be worth looking into." With his face lit up, Hermione knew she had piqued his interest. "I'll do that. You truly are brilliant, Hermione. I know you have your patients and interests, but if you ever want to collaborate or even join the research sideÉ" "I'll think about it," Hermione lied smoothly, then circled back. "In all honesty, I'll take my appreciation in a favour." He made a gesture. Go on. "Move Narcissa's case up on your list. I only suggest it as her condition hasn't progressed too much. The faster you start, the more you can work with her from diagnosis and beyond, accounting for every factor conceivable along the way." He looked at her for a moment. Then conceded with a nod. "I can do that." "If you're interested, I've done a bit of research on Narcissa's case. Just to give you a head start, of course. You're a busy Healer, after all." Flattery never hurt, judging by how quickly he agreed to listen to her. Hermione reached into her bag, pulled out a thick roll of parchment, and sat it on his overly neat desk. "A bit?" Roger was amused. "Just a brief synopsis of all the research I've compiled on both the Muggle and magical versions of her disease." Because of the summary he was currently skimming, her desk was a mess of books, parchment, paper, and every bit of research that she'd found. After sushi and sake in London, followed by a film Pansy wanted to see, Hermione had returned home the night before and decided to schedule a short appointment with RogerÑjust for a few follow-up questions. After all, he had to have done just as much research as she had. Right? The answerÑas she now knewÑwas no. Hermione had doubts, and they all started with the state of his officeÑand the man himself who sat behind the desk with only his nameplate, a glass of water, his research file, and a picture of his family facing toward him. She'd done enough digging to know that the time Narcissa wanted wouldn't be possible if he treated her like an experiment. No matter what he promised, she still didn't feel right leaving Narcissa in his care. Her decision, she realised while she watched his eyes scan the parchment, was made. "Actually, I'm going to need that back." Before she could talk herself out of what could potentially be a poor decision, Hermione took her parchment and left with one destination in mind. She didn't stop until she stood outside Theo's door. In an uncharacteristic move, she knocked and didn't wait for someone to open the door before she walked in. And froze at the sight. The man himself was sitting on the sofa in front of the fireplace, his arm thrown over the back. Nothing unusualÉ except for the child sitting next to him, flipping through the children's dictionary while he looked on. There was a softness in Theo's eyes, a fond expression she had never seen. It was bizarrely warm and intensely attractive, but she didn't have time to sort through that because standing in front of the mantle was her target. Narcissa. Wearing stiff grey robes, she appeared deep in thought, touching the gold band on her necklace. Hermione cleared her throat. Three heads snapped to her. "My apologies for the intrusion. I was coming to talk to Theo about your case, but since you're here, I'd like to discuss the terms of your contract, Mrs Malfoy." The smallest head in the room tilted in innocent curiosity, eyebrows knitted together as if he were patiently waiting for her to finish her statement. It wasÉ strangely adult. Even more so because Theo wore a similar expression. "Or I could make an appointment if youÉ need to not speak of these matters around him." She awkwardly gestured to the boy wearing black trousers and a black shirt, his platinum blond hair parted severely to the side. "My grandson is five." Narcissa's face remained impassive. "Scorpius?" The boy immediately abandoned the dictionary and stood. Obedient, even without instruction. Trained. Hermione's frown deepened when she noted a matching expression on Theo's face. Before she could give instructions to her grandson, Theo rose to his feet. "We'll take a walk around the floor while you two speak." He offered the child his hand, but with a look that reminded Hermione very much of his father, Scorpius lowered his eyes to Theo's hand then up at the man who seemed to be imploring him to accept it. "Your manners." Narcissa's voice was nurturing and lecturing all at once. An odd blend. Despite his reluctance, Scorpius complied, placing his hand into Theo's much larger one and allowing himself to be led away. Hermione stepped to the side, her attention so focused on Narcissa that she barely noticed when they left. Narcissa didn't wait for the door to shut. Hermione hadn't expected her to. "I believe you have already refused me. I have a meeting with HealerÑ" "Cancel it. I've decided to accept your case." "Why?" Hermione hadn't expected the question, but had an answer already prepared. "I've got a soft spot for helping those in need." "I am no charity case, Miss Granger." "No, you're not." Hermione decided to approach her from a different angle, one that put them both on the common ground they would need going forward. "You once saved us, and while I can't return the favour, nor do I offer any guarantees, if you let me, I can try to give you what you've requested." Narcissa stiffened. "And what is that, Miss Granger?" "A fighting chance." We rise by lifting others. Robert Ingersoll Chapter End Notes A/N: I have one more main character to introduce and he'll be here in chapter 5 as he and Hermione have had zero reasons to interact thus far. Then the fun begins. Art for this chapter: Scorpius Malfoy by bookloverdream-blessedindeed Chapter 5: Granger Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Five Granger April 2, 2011 The greenhouse was not actually green. It was a homemade hut built of glass, wood, and metal framing. Crafted with extendable charms, the outside wasn't imposing; quaint enough to blend with the scenery around her vegetable patch. The inside was spacious, with room to grow, featuring a pathway through the rich foliage. Some plants were potted, others were mounted on trellises, and more hung from the ceiling. Everything was bursting with colour. Organised and spaced out into sections, Hermione had methodically arranged her plants. Fruit trees in the back, certain flowers in the middle, vegetables that wouldn't survive outdoors dotted between, and an ever-expanding selection of herbs needed to brew her potions on the tables. The empty surfaces served as a reminder of its status as a work in progress. Maybe one day it would house every herb imaginable, but until then, she used what she had to make a difference in her own way. Today, the sun was out but there was a chill in the air from an easterly wind. High clouds softened the light and prevented harsh shadows from forming. Inside the greenhouse was warm and lush, thanks to natural light and temperature control charms. Hermione shed her jumper the moment she entered, placing it on a bench next to the door. With a flick of her wrist, water sprouted over her fruit trees while Hermione contemplated adding a dwarf mango to the mix of pears, lemons, figs, and her latest addition: tangerines. The kids would like that. She moved to check the flowers, fruits, and vegetables before turning her attention to the main reason she'd started the greenhouse: the herbs. Particularly the ones for potions. Her first stop was the dittany plants, which had been on the brink of death for the last year. Her current attempt to grow another stubbornly remained in the windowsill of her office, refusing to sprout. It still looked grim, but resilient. Neville would probably have to take it to his greenhouse for rehabilitation. Nettle was next, but she was careful around it, tending to it with dragon-hide gloves. Asphodel, leaping toadstools, neem, ipecacuanha, and wormwood all looked good. The aconite plants had their own table, and had grown to twenty since Daphne had started collecting them for Hermione over the last three years so she could brew Wolfsbane for Padma's patients. They were thriving, mainly due to Neville's efforts, teachings, and special fertiliser. Hermione had just finished watering them when the doors parted and Daphne walked in. Right behind her, Neville was carrying her latest procurement. Always a gentleman. "Arka." Hermione reverently touched the leaves of the plant with her gloved hand when Neville placed it next to her. It was a wonderful addition that would help create potions to ease the pain from the Cruciatus Curse. It was also an ingredient in several of Narcissa's potions. She hadn't asked for it, but the timing couldn't be more perfect. "Where did you find it?" Daphne gave a sly smile. "A birdie at George's birthday extravaganza last night told me that you have a new patient and arka is an ingredient in a few of their potions." Hermione cut her eyes to NevilleÑthe only person who would have known about her need for certain ingredients because she'd raided his greenhouse before the party. He whistled innocently before giving her a crooked smile. "The birdie came with me to pick it up." Daphne rolled her eyes. "Where are you going to put it?" "We should give it some space away from the others." Neville took it to the last empty table on the row. Hermione turned to Daphne. "How much do I owe you?" "Nothing. That was all good timing. I always let Neville know when I acquire a plant in a deal. Just happened to be your lucky day that the owner died and I was able to negotiateÉ Oh!" Daphne went into her pocket, pulling out a small bag of dried herbs. "Kava, as requested." Something Hermione had needed, as she used a small amount of it in her teas for new patients. It always helped settle their nerves. "I tried to find you the plant, but my seller wasn't willing to part with it or provide a clipping. It'll harm the plant, apparently." "Thanks." Hermione put the herb and her wand into the pocket of her apron. "Blaise will be by later with the rest. He's tied up negotiating a rare painting for a client." The less she knew the better, judging from the expression on Daphne's face. Daphne and Blaise had been partners in the procurement business longer than Hermione had been gardening. It started as a pastime that quickly became a career. An odd choice, but Daphne apparently had a knack for finding things. She'd acquired the almost extinct ingredients to make the antidote for Molly, and done it with time to spare. Their business wasn't just tracking down herbal rarities; they worked with an array of private collectors. From Magizoologists seeking to rescue unusual magical creatures from illegal trade to Ministries all over the world procuring rare, requested items. Daphne left the practical work to Blaise and their underlings while she focused on less complex finds and researching what they were looking forÑespecially since she'd found out she was pregnant. Neville examined the arka plant and took a sample of the soil. "It's extremely healthy. Better than I noticed at first glance. We can let it settle for a week or two then re-pot it. It'll need to be in the exact same quality soil so it doesn't ruin the plant." Hermione cast another look over his shoulder at the plant. "How long before I can prepare it myself?" "A month?" "I've found what you need in the meantime," Daphne said before the initial tickle of worry could form. After all, she had spent the last two days working on her potions alone and the thought of missing pieces tingled at her anxiety. Excellent. First problem handled. It was decent enough outsideÑit wasn't raining or too windyÑso they grabbed blankets and snacks and ventured out to the pasture behind her house. Hermione transfigured a weed into the ugliest mustard yellow sofa she'd ever seen, but after exchanging shrugs with Daphne, they both lounged on opposite ends under a shared blanket. Neville, meanwhile, spread a blanket out on the grass in front of them and laid on his back, propping his hands behind his head. Hermione cast a quick warming charm on him. They stayed like that, enjoying the strange peace while passing around the bag of crisps. There was a silent agreement to let Daphne eat the majority of them. She was eating for two, after all. "Where's Luna?" Hermione asked. She usually came with Neville. "Clearing Nargles from Harry's house. Apparently, there's another infestation." "Ah." "Tell her I said thank you for the gifts for the baby, but I don't think she got the colour right." Daphne chuckled. "Pretty certain I'm having a boy." They wanted it to be a surprise, which didn't seem practical to Hermione, who thought things like preparation and names were important. Not that it mattered. Everyone thought they were having a boyÑsomething about the way she was carrying, but Hermione was no expert. Luna firmly believed she was carrying a girl. In fact, her belief ran so deep that while they were all coming up with masculine names at Girls' Night last night, she only came up with one. Halia. In remembrance of a loved one. Far more fitting than Cho's dull suggestion of Paul that made Pansy stare at her as if she were an escaped mental patient. Neville shrugged. "Maybe you are having a girl." "Of course you'd agree with your girlfriend." Daphne shook the bag of crisps and sighed after realising they were all gone. "You both ate them all." Lifting his head, ready to argue the contrary, Hermione caught Neville's eye. Best if he didn't. There were actual tears when Parvati loudly marvelled at the fact that Daphne had eaten two bags of crisps in one sitting. "Ah, sorry about that. I'll make lunch?" "I suppose I could eat." Daphne sniffed. "But will there be pie?" "I can make that happen." After not being able to eat much during her first trimester, Daphne genuinely looked excited. "Oh, I'm going to start Kingsley's bee garden soon." Neville's news made Hermione perk up. "I'm looking into getting the plants right now and I need to pick from my students who volunteered as soon as they'd heard it was for him." "Understandable." Daphne stretched. "If it's for Kingsley, let me know if you need Blaise and I to find anything." When they both looked at her, she just shrugged. "What? I like him. If he were Minister again, I wouldn't oppose." There was an entire underground movement dedicated to making that happen. "Well, if I need anything, I'll let you know." Neville sat up, crossing his legs as he leaned back on his hands, a breeze blowing through his hair.. "SoÉ your new patient?" "Yeah." Daphne perked up. "What made you change your mind? Pansy said you'd refused her." "How badly did she talk about me?" The blonde said nothing, but her look spoke tomes. Hermione winced. "That bad?" "The phrase 'stubborn bitch' was thrown around, but I think she meant it in a loving way?" Doubtful, but Daphne offered an awkward shrug before it transformed into something more resigned. "She respects Narcissa for reasons I don't understand, but that may be my bias speaking." "Your sister and nephew?" Hermione asked automatically. "Yes. And Draco." Neville's eyebrows climbed even higher than hers. "Malfoy?" Daphne's sigh sounded exactly like Harry's when preparing to launch into a Malfoy-inspired rant. She had one chance to pass a glance at Neville to change the topic, but found the man intrigued instead. "She treated my sister like a placeholder, just waiting for her to die so she could find someone better to take her place as the next Malfoy Matriarch." The disgust in her voice drew Hermione in rather than repelled her. This was pertinent to learning more about the dynamic she was walking into. So far, it wasn't pretty. "I've already given my word about treating her," Hermione said to carefully draw the line between personal and professional. "And I'd never come between that with my opinions. I may not like her, I may find her slowly dying horribly ironic, due to her treatment of my sister." She shook her head. "But for Scorpius not to lose someone else so quickly, I'm willing to put my feelings aside." Spoken like someone who loved him absolutely. Family. "I'm only stabilising her care to give her time. Or trying to. I'm working out the details." Those details involved putting a lot of pieces together. Potions and ingredients. Taking pages from the treatment methods Narcissa had rejected. But there was also figuring out the family dynamic to determine just how usefulÑor difficultÑDraco Malfoy would be when it came to his mother's care. Daphne's blue eyes were fixed on her; full of emotions so vivid and complex that no words existed to describe them. "Whatever happens, for what it's worth, I'm glad it's you." Hermione lowered her eyes to the hideous, colourful blanket that kept her warm. "As far as Astoria goes, my grievances run deep," Daphne confessed. "Having Scorpius didn't change her relationship with Narcissa, but I think it appeased her. It gave her someone else to focus on." That didn't sound like a good thing. "Draco was drowning in work and trying to protect them. He did what he could. Astoria handled as much of Scorpius' care as she was able. And when she died, Narcissa took over with her silly rules, rigorous schedule, and expectations. He's five!" "He'sÉ" Hermione frowned. "You've met Scorpius?" "Briefly." "And what did you think?" Hermione hadn't thought about it too much in the days since, but now that it was coming into focus again, there had been a few things she'd noticed. Okay, several. "He's very well-mannered and obedient. Seems oddly perceptive. Oh, and very quiet." "Everything Narcissa thinks he should beÑexcept one: a child." Now that she mentioned itÉ there was one more thing. "I don't think I heard him utter a word." "And you won't." Daphne sounded brittle. "He doesn't speak." "Can't?" Neville asked. "No, won't. He's shy around strangers, of course, but he used to talk incessantly around family. About three months before my sister diedÉ it's like he realised what was happening and shut down. He justÉ stopped." Grief would do that, especially in a child. Daphne ran a rough hand through her hair. Having nothing to offer, Hermione pressed the sole of her shoe against Daphne's in silent support, which was rewarded with an appreciative look. Laying a hand against her bump, Daphne looked to the forest. The trees swayed in the breeze. "Watching him shut down was distressing to Astoria. I promised to keep a close eye on him, butÉ" Daphne shook her head. Her unkept promise lingered in the air around them, resting heavy on her shoulders. Hermione watched as she continued weathering the storm of her emotions, each wave stronger than the last. Daphne tried to tread water. But she sank into the depths of honesty. "It's been hard sinceÑhe hardly looks at me. It's almost like he can't." "Give him time," Neville suggested. "My parents are still alive and sometimes it's hard for me toÉ" He stared up at the sky. The residue of his lost words left the air heavy with the weight of collective pain and loss. The latter, Hermione knew, came in many shapes; it was difficult to distinguish one from the other or rank them in order of magnitude. But hope still lingered. People carried their struggles in different ways, mostly in silence, but it was amazing how some were able to reach out with ease, not only in help, but in solidarity. Neville did just thatÑhad been doing just thatÑfor Daphne since Astoria's death. They were never close before, but now their bond was an offered hand, and in a show of ever-increasing trust, she accepted his support. "Give him time," Neville repeated. "How much?" "As long as he needs." Time passed in a blur of thoughts and internal musings. Somewhere in between, Daphne let go of Neville's hand and he went back to watching the clouds in the sky. It probably wasn't the time, but there was a question begging to be asked. Hermione tried to coax the words back, but they came anyway. "I understand your bias about your sister and nephew butÉ why Malfoy?" Hermione drew the blanket up to her neck, catching the chill in the air despite the warming charms imbued in the fabric. Daphne wasn't as cold, likely heated from within based on the fire in her eyes. "Draco's actionsÑor inactionsÑdirectly affect Scorpius. I'm not sure he even knows how damaging the emotional distance he keeps is. Scorpius is painfully hesitant around him and he needs to do more. Draco doesn't talk to me about his reasons, butÑ" Daphne's expression hardened. "He doesn't have to. Draco is a product of his upbringing and the journey he's been forced to take. It's hard for me to look at Narcissa and not blame her for both of them." April 4, 2011 Hermione once read somewhere that the secret to successful negotiations was finding common ground and acting as an observer rather than the opposition. Reason with them but never issue a threat. The best way to win was to find the information needed, lay out the options, and present the situation with a healthy dose of poise and logic. It reminded her of the wizard's chess lessons Ron had given her, lessons she remembered well while weaving in and out of the Ministry's political maze. He never took mercy on her. Ron would always repeat that the key to winning was to think several moves ahead and only sacrifice pieces she could survive without. There were two problems: One - Hermione was absolute pants at chess. Two - she was far too stubborn to sacrifice any of her pieces. And that was why she and Narcissa were sitting in a silence that threatened to swallow them whole. But it didn't scare her one bit. Hermione was on her third cup of tea while Narcissa was finishing her second of a minty blend that she seemed to enjoy. Under the orders of her son and their boss, her guards were not allowed to take their eyes off their charge at any given time during the appointment. So, they had each taken a corner in her office. One swayed on his feet while the other admired the young Abyssinian Shrivelfig in the corner that wasn't quite ready to go into the greenhouse. Narcissa took another sip of tea. It hadn't been such a terrible appointment thus far. They'd both started by signing the original agreement. Hermione had already read it thoroughly and Percy had given his stamp of approval last night over dinnerÑas he did with all of her legal documents. Of course, he'd made suggestions for changes that would maximise the benefits for Hermione, but she hadn't added anything. The salary was already astronomical and she wanted little else except weekends and hols off. The deal had also come with Narcissa's staff of private Palliative Care Healers, and Hermione reminded herself to schedule a meeting with them as soon as possible to bring them on board with her planÉ as soon as she completed her creation of it. For the first time in her career, Hermione Granger was improvising. According to Charles, they were treating symptoms rather than the source, which meant she had to be creative and hope for the best. His Specialist seemed to have a plan in place that she could use without the addition of Muggle medicine. For now, it would have to do until she could convince Narcissa to allow a Muggle Specialist into her care plan. After signing the binding contract, Hermione ran a battery of tests to establish Narcissa's baseline. Cognitive and sensory tests, both with and without the aid of magic. Accompanied by her guards, they took a walk along the banks of the stream in front of her home where Hermione tested her balance, reflexes, and strength through various methods that appeared to irritate her, but she didn't complain too much. When they were back in her office, Narcissa produced her potions, which gave Hermione everything she needed to prepare her daily regimen. Everything had gone smoothly until Hermione's requests turned from Narcissa's potions to her calendar and she commented on the very, very full schedule. For someone who hadn't been part of London's society for years, Narcissa Malfoy was a busy woman. While blood status was still important to maintaining prestige in proper society, after the war, the upper echelon of the wizarding world's social order transformed, expanding to include affluent half-bloods and very influential Muggleborns. Proof of their tolerance. Their forward-thinking. A sign of change. Hermione had been to several events before her career change, but not many since. She had a vague, working knowledge of how high society operated. How rigorous each season was with galas and glittering balls, charity and sporting events, magical garden shows and festivities, dinners and tea parties. It wasn't unheard of for there to be an activity every day for a solid month. When she'd told Narcissa to scale back until everything with her potions was sortedÉ Well, they had regressed back to the mean. Hermione was qualified, prepared, and resolved to outlast Narcissa in the prolonged impasse. It was more of a gift than a challenge, with Hermione using her time wisely to lay out a daily schedule for Narcissa and work out the technicalities of her potions regime. For that, she'd need alone time to research and possibly another firecall with the Healer Smith. She was mentally calculating the time difference when she heard a throat clear. Prim and high-pitched. She lifted her head from where her notes were spread across her desk, a single eyebrow arched as she met Narcissa's cool expression. "Yes?" It was intended to sound patient to the point of bordering on condescension. Narcissa's eyes sharpened into shards of ice. Hermione was right on target. "I am willing to negotiate scaling back, Miss Granger. However, I do not think you grasp that one's standing in society is more than simply wealth and influence. It is important to me and the future of my family, but I do not expect you to understand tradition." Hermione's jaw clenched. Narcissa clearly had no problem speaking her mind in any way, shape, or form. Hermione wasn't under any delusions that they would become anything more than Healer and patient, but h statement reinforced the point. Lovely. "You're correct, I don't understand. However, my lack of knowledge has little to do with my blood status. You were gone for years from every society circle." "Which makes it more imperative that I am seen." "I'm sure your son can take your place," Hermione suggested with a flourish of her hand. "I have no doubt that you've groomed and trained him well to be a perfectly respectable member of high society." She fixed Narcissa with a hard look. "You certainly raised him to believe that he was superior to everyone because of his family name and the purity of his blood. I'm certain he'll fit right in." Narcissa bristled like a cat splashed with water, but Hermione maintained her even stare. Hermione hadn't been aiming for it, but the expression on Narcissa's face was a testament that she'd struck a tender spot. Perhaps a source of her shame. Interesting. "I suppose I deserved that." "You did." Hermione didn't mince words. "I know you're used to being spoken to in a certain manner, but for as long as I'm able, I'm here to take care of your body and preserve your mind Ñnot your feelings." She allowed her words to sink deep. "I will show you the same respect that you show me, but I do hope we can come to a sort of understanding during my time as your Healer." If she would have blinked, Hermione might have missed the slight furrowing of Narcissa's brows. "Perhaps we can." It was enough. She laced her finger together and placed her hands on the parchment. "Now, we were discussing diminishing your Society activities in favourÑ" "Draco is not an option." Narcissa's tone drew as clear a line in the metaphorical sand as her words. "He has little interest in society, and thinks it as a waste of time." There was more to that, there had to be, but Narcissa kept it to herself. Hermione didn't disagree with Malfoy, but years embroiled in Ministry politics had improved her poker face. Hermione wore it well enough for Narcissa to continue speaking, noting both the sweat on her brow and the tiny tremble in her hand when she lifted her teacup. "When his presence is required, Draco will attend, but he refuses to socialise with anyone. He will not dance, speak to, walk with, or even be seen showing any sort of attention to a single eligible witch, which is the entire purposeÉ" Hermione's attention drifted to the silent duo of guards. One was looking at the abstract painting over her fireplace and the other was yawning. She tamed her smirk when she focused back on her patient, who was still going on about her son. "Draco is a widower in need of a wife, but only when it is proper for him to take one again. That is what I am using this season to prepare for. I will not stand anyone speaking ill of him Ñat least not while I am still here with all of my faculties." It took every shred of self-control for Hermione not to roll her eyes. "Unfortunately, my son isÉ There is something stirring inside of him. It has been building since Astoria's death and it will not be quieted. I am hoping he will marry before whatever is going on with him comes into complete focus." Her statement drew Hermione's attention like static electricityÑjust a little jolt, then it was gone. "The issue is timing. He attends the marriage dates that I arrangeÑnot because he wants to, but out of duty. I am on a serious time constraint when it comes to his compliance, so I have been meeting various prospects at society events to arrange these dates. As you can see, Miss Granger, my presence is vital." Hermione drank her tea to swallow each and every retort that tried to surface, but found herself out of tea and still rankled. This was none of her business. Really, it wasn't. Hermione repeatedly chanted the phrase to herself, butÑhell, she'd mentally overstepped so far that even when she tried to correct it, she still found herself careening off the side of the cliff into not her business territory. It was dangerous. The thought would pester her relentlessly until it festered so she had to think it. Hermione allowed it safe passage across the bridge of her mind, then locked it away with the hundreds of other things she would never say to Narcissa. Astoria wasn't six months in the ground and she was trying to marry Malfoy off againÑbut only when it was proper. Hermione pinched herself to stop the look of disgust from forming. She didn't know enough about pureblood culture to judge them for it. For all she knew, a quick second wife was their standard answer when a motherless child was involved. It seemed to be Narcissa's. But what did she know? Pansy said that they arranged their marriagesÑsometimes before birthÑso a new one wasn't a farfetched idea. Narcissa didn't want him to be alone after she was gone, but Cho was right, it seemed cold. Daphne's bitterness made more sense. Threats. A job that seemed like a personal mission. A deceased wife. A selectively mute son. A dying mother. The circumstances of Draco Malfoy's life were stressful and complicated. Adding a contracted marriageÑone born from force instead of choiceÑseemed like throwing accelerant on an inferno. It would burn out of control. Narcissa appeared wilfully ignorant of the potential consequences of her actions. Likely out of sheer stubbornness; acknowledging them wouldn't do her agenda any good. Which led right into her other thought: regardless of the situation Malfoy found himself in following the death of his wife, perhaps if his mother didn't force a grown man to attend marriage dates like an errant bachelor, he might do it on his own. In his own time. In his own way. With the person of his choosing. If that were allowed. Feeling much better now that those thoughts had run free, Hermione locked the door and threw away the key. She focused on her real objective. "Narcissa, I'm reasonable and willing to negotiate." At that, her patient, who was idly toying with the ring around her neck, looked intrigued. "I'll monitor you daily for the first few weeks while you continue as normal. It will establish a baseline under the new potions regime. However, you must keep your stress levels as low as possible while at these events. Also, you must take a day for yourself to relaxÑany day of the week would suffice, I'm not fussed about specifics. I suggest the spa or perhaps taking up a new hobby that's not physically strenuous but still mentally stimulating. Last, because I can only imagine how you exert yourself at these events, I'll attend to observe you, but stay out of the way. Only ones that I have been invited to as well, as I'm under the impression that your condition is a secret. Am I correct?" "You are. And I intend to keep it a secret until I can no longer do so." "Does MalÑDraco know?" "He does, butÉ" As she grew sombre, a sigh accompanied her downward stare. "Since you are likely to find out anyway, my relationship with my son isÉ complicated. We live together in our family's home, but I rarely see him unless it has something to do with Scorpius' care or our numerous discussions around the subject of his eventual marriage. For a myriad of reasons, we are not on the best of terms. I doubt he even cares about my illness. He has not inquired once about my health since I told him." "Ah." Hermione's actual answerÑhow unsurprisingÑwouldn't have been welcomed. She should have expected the added density to the situation. This was the Malfoys. She hadn't needed to know about the fractured state of Draco and Narcissa's relationship to recognise that she was sailing into stormy waters. But Hermione had a plan to skirt the outer edges, never allowing herself to get too close, resolved to care for Narcissa and give her the time she wanted to fix what had been broken. Further down the road she might be able to work with Malfoy to figure out a plan. "Are you available for a home visit? I'd like to see your home to figure out if I'll need to use my own kitchen to prepare your meals." "Meals?" Narcissa didn't hide her scepticism. "Yes, meals. I prepare meals for my patients, as I believe food heals, and with your condition, your diet is just as important as the potions I will prescribe." "Well, perhaps with house-elves and magicÑ" "I don't cook with magic, and I don't have a house-elf." "Then how do you cook?" The naked bewilderment on Narcissa's face was comical. Hermione wondered if she'd ever eaten a meal not prepared with magic. "In the kitchen. With recipes, measurements, and a cooker. Might use a knife. As far as food, I use ingredients from my garden and I bake my own bread with flour I purchase from a Muggle farmer near my home." If at all possible, Narcissa looked even more scandalised. "I'd like to start you on a full diet, but I understand how difficult that will be, so I'm willing to start you off with one meal a day and increase from there." "Why?" It was as if she were trying to feed Narcissa aconite. "There is much we don't know about your condition in those with magic, but with the Muggle version of your disease, research shows that maintaining a healthy diet is especially important. As you decline, your mood will change, as will what you want to eat, so malnutrition, weight loss, and dehydration may occur." She caught the way Narcissa flinched and had to remember that, while she might have accepted her fate, discussing the inevitable wasn't an easy topic. Hermione smoothed her words into a semblance of an apology, aiming for comforting over clinical. "I believe the more aggressive we are in treating you and getting your symptoms under control now, the slower the disease will progress. I'd like you to eat more foods with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory compounds, which is why I'm going to start making meals for you. I have a list prepared for your review, should you like to make suggestions based on personal preferences." "I would like that, thank you." "I offer no guarantees. I'm learning as we go." Hermione offered her another parchment that she accepted with tentative hands. "I'm nearly finished creating your potions, but I've found there are some ingredients whose benefits are enhanced when combined with certain foods." "And I am willing to make the necessary changesÉ however unconventional they may be." Which opened up a line of conversation that needed to happen. "And the SpecialistÑ" "No." "Might I ask why? Studies showÑ" "No Muggles or their Specialists." Narcissa spat the words as if they were poison. "If you cannot abide by my wishes, I will find a different Healer who can." The statement made it clear who she believed was running the show. And while that might have worked with her Primary Healer, it would not with Hermione. "You're free to do as you please, Mrs Malfoy." She gestured to the fireplace. "I have better things to do with my time than help someone who isn't willing to help themselves." Narcissa's face tightened and Hermione readied herself for a fightÑone of many, she was sureÑbut the argument never came. From one breath to the next, she visibly relaxed; an alarming blankness swept over her pale features. They stared at each other in mutual confusion. "Who are you?" Realisation jolted Hermione like a thunderclap, but she forced herself to remain calm. Patient. Understanding. "My name is Hermione Granger." She offered Narcissa a handkerchief to wipe her brow, staying her hand at the guards who were now at full attention. After dabbing her hairline, Narcissa's eyes wandered around the room, focused as if she were trying to pick up clues. Her hands trembled, but not from the cold. Then her gaze fell back on Hermione. "How did I get here?" "I'm your Healer. This is my office." "Of course, of course." Narcissa took several deep breaths, placing her fingertips on her temples. "Do carry on, Miss Granger." With a small nod, she seemed to come back to herself, but was clearly still shaken by the empty space in her mind. Carry on would have sent her through the fireplace, per their previous argument, but Hermione wasn't cruel or unfeeling. The discussion could wait. It would have to. "Would you like to pick this conversation up later?" "I'm not an invalid." Ah, she was completely back then. And surly. Vulnerable. "Of course not," Hermione replied thinly. "How often does that happen?" "More than I'd like." "For how long?" "Since shortly after I was diagnosed." "Was that before or after you picked your new potions?" Narcissa's lack of an answer was all Hermione needed to know. "This treatment isn't going to be without its side effects and you might not like them," Hermione said. "The important thing is that you stick to the plan." She wasn't na•ve. Narcissa Malfoy would push. It was her way. Stubborn and proud, she wasn't used to giving up control to anyone. Not anymore. Never again if she could help it. No matter the reason or the cost. While compliant now, Hermione knew it wasn't the norm. "I'd like for you to exercise. It will help your balance and reduce the risk of falling. Massages help increase circulation, so I recommend them as well. I'd also like to see where I can store your potions during the home visit to check your kitchen capacities. I'll brew enough for a week to make sure they're as fresh as possible. I'll be sure to bring them with a list of what to take, when to take it, and how. I'll also need to meet with your Palliative Care Healers." Narcissa nodded, her eyes falling on the forgotten list in front of her. Several minutes of silence passed before she seemed completely back to normal. Their imminent argument was forever lost, but the topic remained saved in a file for later. "Miss Granger, In a short amount of time, you've put a lot of thought into this care plan about a disease you are not familiar with. I know I am not the easiest patient you have encountered Ñ" A massive understatement. "However, I do thank you for taking my case seriously, despite our history." "Once I commit to something, I don't let up. Remember that." It was so fleeting Hermione might have missed it had she looked away for a moment, but she caught a hint of respect in her patient's stare. Far more than at the start of their conversation. Far more than expected, if she were being honest. But just as every plant began as a seed, every person had to start somewhere as well. And there, in her office, on a Monday afternoon, seemed as good a spot as any for Narcissa Malfoy to start growing. April 6, 2011 Hermione was dating someone importantÉ Herself. Every month she took herself out. Most of the time, she went to the theatres for productions, cinema for films, ballets, or concertsÑand any other events she was interested in. Sometimes, she would walk in the park and marvel at the world around her, or take a book to read until it was too dark to see. She would buy herself gifts, little indulgences she rarely allowed herself to have. Flowers. Sweets. Trinkets. Other times, she would go to the market and buy everything she needed for a quiet night in with an excellent meal and even better companyÉ Herself. Most thought it was bizarre that she actually kept to her dates, but Pansy and Parvati found it liberating; they'd started doing it as well. Ron would infrequently invite himself alongÑan invitation she always declined, as that defeated the entire purpose of self-partnering. Dating herself allowed Hermione to get in touch with what she expected from herself and potentially what she would need from an eventual partner. It allowed her to connect with herself, gave her the opportunity to improve her self-care habits, and afforded her a chance to fulfil her own desires without relying on someone else. In truth, Hermione wanted to take herself out more, but one day a month was all she could manage. Maybe it would change in the future, but for now, it worked. She'd skipped March and was determined not to do the same for April, but date night fell on possibly the worst day imaginable. It started with a storm the previous night shattering a glass pane in her greenhouse. The magical repair had gone quickly, but it had thrown her morning gardening schedule awry. Then, Theo's name appeared on her calendar for an emergency meeting, but he'd neglected to mention the fact that she would be walking into a trap named Roger Davies. "You poached my patient!" There was no point in lying. "I did." Roger faltered, flummoxed by her blunt admission. His mood shifted from astonishment to self-righteous anger. "I never thought you were capable of something like this. Of all people, Hermione, I thought you operated on a higher moral planeÑone where you don't go behind a colleague's back and snatch their patient. A patient, might I add, that you declined! It's uncouth, unprofessional, andÉ" Hermione stopped listening in favour of letting her eyes drift to Theo. To the casual observer, he appeared detached. Exactly the attitude he wanted to convey. But she knew better. There was a glint in his eye that spoke of just how vastly entertained Theo was by Roger's rant. Hermione also caught him chuckling into his tea, not intending on stopping him. Theo's lack of response meant only one thing: he was testing her. Sometimes he did it out of boredom, but more often than not, it was for his own amusement. He had a bit of a god complex that stemmed from being the most observant person in any room. Theo loved to see people squirm, but mainly Hermione because she was widely considered unflappable. He also liked to test her because, no matter how many offers she had refused, he hadn't let go of the belief that Hermione would one day run the Ministry. Even though he was wrong as hell, Hermione had never failed an exam in her life and she certainly wasn't going to start now. So, she took his tests and marvelled at how effortless it was to achieve top marks. Roger had been a blip on her radar when she'd taken Narcissa's case, small in the grand scheme of things. Knowing he wouldn't take too kindly to the theft, Hermione had already prepared a little speech that played to the things Roger valued most: his work and his ego. "Narcissa Malfoy needs to begin treatment immediately, rather than in a few months while you run tests to determine where her disease originates. Its progression is too rapid for you to waste time." "It's insulting that you don't thinÑ" "Do you know what would happen if Narcissa MalfoyÑor even DracoÑgot any sort of inkling that your treatment delays had cost her the time she wanted with her family?" The threat was partially empty, but not one he was willing to test. Silence fell, and Hermione used it to hammer that thought home. "The liability exposure alone would dismantle your career and put all your research into question, Roger. SoÉ yes, I accepted her case." She folded her arms. "And I broke my own rules to do it. I hope that your ego won't blind you into seeing that I've done you a massive favour to protect our department and our work as a whole. Oh, and you." Roger rubbed the back of his neck, as most of the men in her life did when they felt guilty. "IÉ I didn't see it that way." His cheeks turned a touch pink. "I'll still review her file, if you'll provide a copy, and should you need assistance, I'll make myself available. I'd still like to research her family history as well. I want to explore a possible causeÑ" "I can handle that when I'm settled into treating her." "Very well then." He glanced at his watch. "I have a meeting." When Roger left, Theo placed his teacup on the saucer and stood tall. He fixed his cufflinks first before running a hand down his white shirt, smoothing his navy tie and straightening any creases. "Nicely done." The fact that he looked fit didn't stop Hermione from glaring. "A warning would have been appreciated." It was never going to happen. There was a knock on the door. Padma stuck her head in, surprised, but happy to see Hermione. "I need help." The task ended up taking three hours, an exhausting number of tests, and finally the diagnosis: powdered silver poisoning. Then she'd found the bite mark that caused Padma to make the call and report a newly made werewolf. By the time Padma gave them a list of therapy times and the Ministry launched their investigation into how they'd been bitten, it was after four and Hermione only had an hour until her meeting with Narcissa and her current Healers. Hermione was planning to take herself to a show in the city that started at eight, but realised she wouldn't make it on time unless she left from the Malfoys' home. Which was how Hermione ended up in their spacious kitchen on a Thursday evening, dressed for a night out in a dark green lace cocktail dress and nude heels. Her long hair was tamed into soft curls with the help of more than a little Sleekeazy's. Narcissa had given her the first approving look of their brief association. They convened at a long, walnut kitchen table that was larger than her dining table. Hermione laid out Narcissa's treatment plan, research parchment, and the potions she had brewed the night before. They were separated into morning, afternoon, and evening. Nine in total. Keating and Sachs, Narcissa's Palliative Care Healers, sat across from her. As far as she knew, they came once every few days and accompanied her to events as members of her staff. Those roles would have to change over the coming months and years. They read over her instructions regarding Narcissa's potion regime and meal plan while Narcissa flipped through her copy of everything. Oddly quiet with no complaints. Hermione put observing her aside in favour of assessing the private Healers. They were perfectly adequate. Nothing particularly special. Older than Hermione, but younger than Narcissa. Nondescript like most private Healers, with forgettable features; they were everything they needed to be: capable of following instruction and talented enough to do their jobs. They were loyal to Narcissa and Hermione had no way of determining if that would be an advantage or a detriment, but what she did know was they were sceptical of Hermione's presence. And her treatment plan. "Healer Granger," Sachs said after Hermione asked if there were any questions. "This is an extensive list of potions, how do you know they won't counteract one another?" She'd done her damn research, that was how, but Hermione didn't say that. "The plan isn't one I developed myself. I'm following a working regime from a reference." And left it at that. Narcissa coughed delicately. Keating picked up the second in the line of nine vials that she had laid out to show what they all looked like. "And you want her to takeÑ" "The schedule is clear." Hermione maintained a professional tone. "It says here that you'll be providing meals." Sachs pointed at the parchment. "I will. One meal a day for now, starting tomorrow." Truthfully, she hadn't had the energy to prepare meals and brew potions. The latter had taken longer than she'd expected. It probably wasn't her best work, but she hadn't made a mistake. "I don't understand why the house-elves can't prepare all of her meals anymore." Patiently, Hermione gestured to the carefully arranged parchments. "Please review my research as it answers all the questions you may have. You may call me with any additional inquiries you have or anything you wish to add. I would like the next thirty days to monitor NarcissaÑexclusively. But once that passes, I expect you both to return to your normal schedules. Enjoy your holidays." "Paid," Narcissa added. The two were pleased by the sudden vacation and their boss' generosity. "That's all I have for today." Hermione gave them both a smile. "I look forward to working with you both." Handshakes were exchanged before they both gathered their rolls of parchment and left. "You do not seem fond of my Healers, Miss Granger." Hermione didn't have an opinion of them just yet. Only an evaluation that couldÑand likely wouldÑbe adjusted with further interactions as she got to know them better as Healers and people. "I work alone, so it will beÉ different." But not in a bad way. Their presence would allow Hermione to have a life outside of working and brewing once things worsened. The bit about their loyalties still made Hermione worry. "How long have they been employed by your family?" "They cared for Astoria for the duration of her illness. They are trained for Terminal Care." Ah. Years, then. Loyalty might be an issue, should Narcissa stray from her treatment plan. It didn't look like either had the fortitude to stand up to her. That would be a problem if she decided to stop complying, which was likely given the disease progression. The fact that the Malfoys likely had a house-elf was a positive. Should anything happen, Hermione would be alerted. Speaking of elves, Hermione scanned the room with slightly furrowed brows. The last thing she did before quitting the Ministry was persuade the Wizengamot to vote in favour of their emancipation. It had caused quite the stir amongst the families wealthy enough to have the beings passed along generationally. With the new law, families were required to free them and provide an option for rehiring: paid and provided with liveable conditions. Furthermore, extensive documentation had to be provided to the Ministry before any family was allowed to retain an elf. The Ministry performed checks for undocumented elvesÑthe Aurors would be called in if the Beast or Being Division had any trouble. The fines and public shame alone were not worth breaking the rules. Hermine had even started the plans to set up a small sanctuary in Scotland for them to live free of servitude, allowed to come and go as they pleased for workÑshould they decide not to live with the family. She wondered if the plan had lived on. "Miss Granger, if you are looking for our house-elf, we only employ one part-time. Draco feels this house is too small for a full staff. He mainly does the cleaning and helps with Scorpius' evening plans." Hermione hadn't had an opportunity to explore their home, but based on the kitchen and the adjacent living room alone, she doubted the Malfoys would live anywhere that could be described as small. It was modern in design for such a traditional family; another disruption in her perception of them. Narcissa, in her plum dress robes, staple necklace with the gold band, and hair styled under her matching fancy hat, seemed out of place and too old-fashioned while she sat next to Hermione at the head of the table. The area itself was clean, open, and bright, with windows that let in plenty of light and white walls. Light wood flooring offset the dark coloured cabinets in the kitchen, and the granite counters matched the waterfall island. The living room had dark grey sofas with a coffee table between them, all adequately spaced away from the fireplace she'd stepped out of over thirty minutes before. Artwork was tastefully spaced throughout, and Hermione saw more leading up the stairs on the other side of the room. She knew Narcissa hadn't designed it. There were also a lot of Pansy's dŽcor staples present in the room, but it didn't explain how modern it was. And she found herself wonderingÉ "Zippy!" Narcissa called politely and the house-elf materialised, wearing a black bowtie and looking quite healthy. "Yes, Mistress." "This is Miss Hermione Granger." Hermione gave a courteous nod at the elf, who stared at her with large eyes, filled with recognition. AndÉ admiration. "She will be tending to me along with Keating and Sachs," Narcissa said. "You're to do as she instructs as if she were a member of this family." "It will be an honour." Narcissa eyed the smaller creature before her eyes slid to Hermione. "Thank you, Zippy. Now, please update me on Scorpius' progression through his schedule." "Young Master is finishing etiquette. Miss Prichard will dress him in proper dinner attire and he will be ready shortly. Master Draco will have no need for me. I will go home." "Thank you. Enjoy your holiday." Zippy gave another reverent nod and vanished with a snap of his fingers. Hermione was baffled on so many levels that she wasn't even going to try and point them all out lest she confuse herself further. Not only was it a horrible feeling, it was a completely foreign concept. But what made matters worse was even though Hermione tried not to think about it, she found it was like trying not to breathe: very soon the strain would become too great and she had to take a desperate breath. Which was exactly what happened. Her thoughts ran wild. Zippy was well-spoken for a house-elf. More so than Kreacher. Reverent, as most were of the families they worked for, but he worked part-time, had a home, and days off. That was enough of a shock to last her a long time, yet the unsettling surprises continued to pile up. Etiquette lessons for a five-year-old? Ginny had a tough time finishing a meal with Albus without him getting food on his clothes. Teaching him to use the correct cutlery while doing it sounded like an impossible feat. Blessedly, after that, the wheels in her brain slowed long enough to catch and spit out her last two points of confusionÑtheir modern home and, hell, themÑbut she couldn't muster up an analysis on either. Those would take time. Loads of it. And a whiteboard. Hermione realised she was broadcasting very loudly in the silence that followed Zippy's departure when she noticed Narcissa regarding her with a raised brow. Her head was cocked to the side, already prepared for another skirmish. To be fair, discussions that occurred due to their conflicting philosophies already seemed normal, even after only a couple of interactions. It was not as professional as she'd like, but better than one could hope for, given the amount of time they would spend in each other's company. Hermione had a rule: she only played defence. Offensive action was left to Narcissa, who played so well it begged to wonder if she was only asking questions to test Hermione's boundaries, poking and prodding to see how much she could take before reaching her limit. Every patient tried her professional patience; so far, none had succeeded. "Tell me, Miss Granger, were you expecting something different from the house-elf?" Based on her tone, her tense body language, and the thin line of her pursed lips, Hermione knew better than to answer that question as honestly as she otherwise would have. Narcissa looked more inclined to start a war than make peace. "I look forward to working with him." It was the wrong response. "I know that my family does not have the best reputation." Another one of those understatements, to say the least. Narcissa folded the parchment with her treatment plans. "However, I assure you that Zippy is treated fairly. He is not bound to my family, as he also works for the Greengrass family. Times have changed, Miss Granger." "They have," Hermione agreed with a slight nod, but because she couldn't help herself, she added, "By law." Narcissa dug her sanctimonious heels in. "Be that as it may, it still should speak for itself that we are abiding by said law. There are always ways to circumvent any rule." They both knew that better than most. "True, but the alternative would bring unwanted attention to your family; attention that you don't need if you want to maintain the place you've worked so hard to regain in society, which seems to be important to you. So, your compliance is a tactical avenue and, therefore, means little to me." Hermione paused. "It is, however, nice to see." Then she stood, gathering the nine potion vials she'd placed on the table earlier and sliding them in with the others in the wicker basket she'd brought with her. Hermione went to search for a place to store the vials. Narcissa's eyes were on her the entire time she surveyed the long row of walnut cabinets. The open cabinets were lined with decorative kitchen items. Hermione opened the door in front of her. Glasses, cups, teacups. She closed it. "Miss GrangerÉ" Mrs Malfoy's tone was thoughtful; it sounded like she had been contemplating whatever she was about to say for a while. "I have noticed in our interactions that you are very opinionated, and you do so little to censor yourself." "You're not wrong, but in this regard I think we might be more alike than you'd care to admit." Narcissa gave a flippant wave of her dainty hand. "At my age, I believe I have earned the right to speak my mind, wouldn't you say?" "You do have that right, just as I have a right to speak mine. Age doesn't mean that you have a free pass, nor does it mean that you're exempt from being held accountable for your words and actions." "I mean no offence, of course. I am just getting to know you better, since we are to be around each other for the foreseeable future." Narcissa cleared her throat like she wanted to say more, but stopped. Hermione glanced over her shoulder at her, eyebrow raised expectantly. "Go on." "It's just that during our interactions, I've noticed a few things. You are Draco's age, yes?" "From what I remember, I'm nearly a year older, but close. I'll be thirty-two in September." "Are you married?" "No." "Divorced?" There was an antiquated disgust in her tone at the word. "No." "Engaged?" "No, I'm single." "For years, I imagine, hmm?" The question sounded innocent, but there was something patronising beneath it. "Your lack of response means the answer is yes. Interesting." Narcissa ran her fingers over the necklace that often clashed with her attire. "That you are unmarried at your age makes sense. Your uncompromising attitude is unbecoming of a woman who seeks a husband." "Not everyone wants to marry." She levelled Hermione with a knowing look. "You are quite liberal, Miss Granger." And it was the same tone someone very rich would use to call another person very poor. "However, you are a woman. It is in our nature to want to marry, raise a family, settle down, and be a wife." There were two vastly different opinions competing for dominance in Hermione's head. The first was the bothersome truth that Narcissa wasn't wrong. Hermione had toyed around with the idea of committing to building a life with someone and having children of her own, but it hadn't worked. If she were being perfectly honest, after Ron, she'd never given it an honest try. Perhaps it was out of fear of making mistakes or her hesitancy of commitment itself. However, the second idea was louder, more rankled by Narcissa's accusation. Hermione was indeed a woman. While she wouldn't judge anyone who wanted to go that routeÑbecause it was their choiceÑshe had more lofty aspirations than only being a wife, married for the sole purpose of being a mother. But as a professional, she refused to let Narcissa provoke her. In lieu of a response, she continued searching for a cabinet to store her weekly potions. That didn't stop her from formulating at least seventeen responses in her head. Because one wasn't enough. "The upper corner cabinet is empty and will do just fine." As Hermione started carefully placing the labelled vials in rows and organising them, Narcissa delicately cleared her throat as if she were about to address a captive audience. Already flustered from having to censor herself, Hermione tensed and gritted her teeth. "Yes?" "I must confess I am intrigued by you, Miss Granger." She wasn't certain if that was good or bad, but decided it best if she allowed Narcissa to continue uninterrupted. If her voice had been a little higher in pitch, she would have reminded her of Umbridge. "I see a lot of myself in you, and because of that, I have decided to give you a bit of friendly advice. Just a little something my mother once said to me." Hermione ignored the way the woman's words made her feel like a rat who had learned how to push a button without being trained. "I am not accustomed to your culture, Miss Granger, but wizards do not want a wife who emasculates them, who challenges them in every aspect, and is too capable of taking care of themselves. Too used to being alone. Wizards want to be needed. Adored. Catered to. They want to lead, not be led. Even if you have to fake it, Miss Granger, I suggest you learn to do that if you ever hope to marry." Hermione paused halfway between placing the last of her morning potions in a neat row on the shelf as she decided whether to respond or pretend she hadn't heard a thing. It wasn't the first time someone had said that to her, so it didn't grate at her like it would have in any other situation. In fact, Hermione silently thanked Mrs Weasley whoÑduring all their little talks when she was dating RonÑhad unwittingly prepared her for the current situation. Right down to her response. Yes, response, because she could no longer hold her peace when it had been so thoroughly disrupted. It simply wasn't in her nature. Hermione placed a vial on the shelf and continued working, finishing the last of the morning vials before she inhaled, exhaled, and summoned a chill in her voice that even she hadn't expected. "That's the difference between us, I suppose." "Oh?" Hermione started on the afternoon vials, still facing away. "Unlike you, I won't fake it or play a role just to appeal to or please a man. Yes, man, because wizards are men, first and foremost. There is no distinction between the two. If a man wants me, he'll want me as I am now and he'll want who I will become. I'm constantly growing and changing, just as I expect he will be. He won't be intimidated or emasculated by my powerÑor meÑbecause the man I choose will be just that: a man. Not an insecure child." She tried to force the energy that accompanied her words to pass, but it didn't. "The man I choose will be secure in himself and the roles that we will play in each other's lives. And when I cater to him, it won't be because I'm appealing to his ego, but because I want to. Because I love and respect him and what we share. When he chooses to lead, I'll follow, not blindly or as an act of appeasement, but by choice. Before anything else, we are partnersÑwhich means I'll trust him not to make decisions that will affect us both jointly and individually without consulting me first. It'll be our duty to each other and theÑ" "Draco, how long have you been standing there?" It happened in a series of blunders that might have been avoided had Hermione been more cognisant about what was going on around her and not fully immersed in her rant. It started with the wind vanishing from the sails of her argument; the energy behind her fervent words died in her throat at the interruption. Then she lost her footingÑboth figuratively and literallyÑas her heel lost its grip, skidding out from under her. Narcissa's gasp was all she heard when she only just managed to keep a vial safeÑand not ruin a night's worth of workÑby catching herself with her elbows on the counter. "Miss Granger, are you all right?" Narcissa had the decency to sound worried. "I'm quite all right." Hermione pulled herself back up and resumed her task. Her ankle hurt as much as her pride, but she would rather break the former than admit she was anything except fine. "Just going to finish up here and head out. I'll be back in the morning with your meals." "Are you certainÑ" "I'm fine!" And because that sounded too sharp, Hermione tried again, still with her back turned. "Thank you for your concern but I am perfectly well." The silence that followed was as long as it was deafening. She could feel their eyes on her. Her cheeks warmed, but Hermione took her time and composed herself as she continued placing the vials of potions on the shelf. Noticing she was running low on excuses not to turn around, she was relieved when Narcissa started talking to her son. "How long have you been home, Draco?" "Not long. How was Scorpius today?" The first thing Hermione noticed was that he sounded olderÑof course he did. They were no longer scared children on opposing sides of a war. It made sense that his voice was different, that his pitch had deepened to a more confident, richer tenor. He still sounded posh, something that would never change, but Hermione found it strangely reassuring to know that while some things could change, there were still a fair few constants. "He was well-behaved and there were no incidents. Not that you need to worry." The phrasing made Hermione tilt her head before she pushed the twinge of curiosity aside. She had another ten minutes until she needed to leave in order to make it to the theatre in time for the show. The tension in the room had spiked so high she knew better than to draw any attention to herself. Or her hurt ankle. "Good." He took an audible breath and Hermione carefully clanked two vials together to hide the fact that she was listening. "Where is he?" There was a tinge of something there that she couldn't define. "I am taking him to dinner at the Greengrass Estate," Narcissa said. "I assume you will be working late againÉ" "That is correct." Another silence fell, but it didn't last nearly as long. "Please shave that ghastly facial hair off your face. I have scheduled a marriage meeting with the elder Sayre sister. She is twenty-five now, and while I feel that is old, youÑ" "Cancel it." Malfoy's tone held a sort of finality Hermione understood. The conversation was over. "I'll be working in my office tonight." "You could at least show your face at dinnerÑ" "No. Enjoy your evening." "I know Scorpius comes to sit in your office when he is put to bed. Do not keep him up late, Draco. He has a schedule to keep. The nanny says he has been grouchy in the mornings lately." "What would you have me do, Mother?" The question was hollow. Empty. A brittle pause followed. "Would you have me turn him away?" "DracoÑ" "We're finished here." Hermione was still facing away from them, but the tension that lingered was loud and angry. Visceral. But that strain was coming from Malfoy, tangible enough that she thought she could reach out and touch it. She wouldn't though. She knew better. It might have seemed as controlled as Malfoy's tone, but something that inherently volatile would surely explode with the slightest bit of carelessness. The sound of Narcissa moving reached her just before she heard her heels connect with the hardwood floor. "Is that all for today, Miss Granger?" There was a layer of exhaustion in Narcissa's voice that hadn't been there earlier. "I have another engagement to attend." "Yes," Hermione answered, but only after a small delay as she triedÑfor the sake of proprietyÑnot to appear as though she was eavesdropping. Which she was. Honestly, how could they expect anyone not to listen? Hermione was nosy. Too much so for her own good. With an insatiable thirst for knowledge in any formÑeven when it didn't pertain to herÑhaving a cryptic conversation in her presence was like placing a glass of Firewhisky in front of an alcoholic and telling them not to drink. An impossible feat. When she considered it, Hermione arrived at an excellent question: Could it be considered eavesdropping when they were speaking so freely in front of her? The answer was simple: No. She cleared her throat. "I'll finish here and see you in the morning." "Very well." Narcissa's heels clicked across the wood floor, echoing as she exited. She paused, but then continued, her footsteps fading into nothing. Hermione relaxed and placed the last vial on the shelf, then remembered something important. She wasn't alone. Closing the cabinet, she carefully turned, keeping her eyes on the floor in an attempt to mind her aching ankle. She braced her hands on the edge of the granite countertop as she lifted her gaze to the remaining Malfoy, who was partially obscured by the island between them. Despite Parvati's recent rants about Malfoy being climbable, for the last year and a half, Hermione had been listening to Harry vocalise his grievances about his behaviour and character. Harry's complaints coupled with how she remembered him had created a detailed picture in Hermione's head of what Draco Malfoy was supposed to look like: a thin, pale, sneering prat with cold grey eyes who wore his hair long like the father he sought to emulate. The real version wasn't anywhere close to that. Except for his attitude, Malfoy had never been described as ugly. If anything, the passage of time only served to make him more aesthetically appealing. The thought was so ridiculous Hermione instantly rejected it. For good measure, she then had the banned notion burned, the ashes swept up into a neat pile, and binned them. Sweeping always left a bit of residue, but not enough to matter. Malfoy was taller than she remembered, perhaps a head taller than Harry, still lean and pale, but not in the hollow and almost translucent way he'd looked after living the hell of having Voldemort as a murderous house guest. Today, he looked stronger. Serious. Poised. He stood straight, far more confident. Hermione figured that had come with age because Malfoy had maturedÑat least, physically. TimeÑand a bit of facial hairÑhad sharpened his features, made him more defined. But not refined enough to make him look like his father. On that note, Malfoy wore his blond hair different than she'd expected, not long like other pureblooded men, but short and parted. ItÉ suited him. He wasÉ He was walking towards her. His shoes echoed on the wood floors. Hermione never averted her eyes, aware that she was staring boldly at him. But he returned her gaze with one of his own, grey eyes unreadableÑexcept for a twitch in his jaw and a glimmer of what looked like an odd mix of curiosity and suspicion as he stopped at the opposite end of the kitchen. The way they stood now, facing each other with no island between them, felt as if they were readying for a duel. It made her pulse quicken, readying for a fight. Her wand hand itched to feel her trusty vine wood in its grasp, but it was tucked in her beaded bag halfway between them. Hermione pushed herself off the counter, walking normally, confidently, despite the stabbing pain in her ankle. She retrieved her bag and cut her eyes back to the man who hadn't moved a muscle, noting little things: the way he stood, his signet ring, the way he watched her like a chess master watched his opponent's moves. But mostly, Hermione noticed his body language: relaxed and completely at odds with the intensity that rolled off him. She had to say something. The air between them was too taut to remain silent, so Hermione opted for something simple. "Malfoy." She searched his face, but saw nothing discernibleÉ except for the flip of the switch when he stopped looking and started seeing. The weight of his gaze on her was unsettling. Hermione fought off the uncomfortable feeling, hardly recognising herself in this scenario where she should have had plenty to say, but was unable to speak. Malfoy's eyes cut from her feet to her face so fast, but Hermione did not miss the fact that in just that look, he had assessed her almost as completely as she had him. A quick glance at the wall clock behind him, coupled with a strange little jolt, told her that it was time to go. Turning on her heels, Hermione made sure to keep the pain off her face and out of her gait, and she walked away. Careful steps, but not too careful. She felt his eyes on her like pin pricks. It only made her want to leave quicker. Her exit strategy was nearly a success until he said one word. "Granger." It took until intermission for Hermione to realise that something else had changed about him. Malfoy hadn't said her name like a curse or a filthy word that he had to spit out of his mouth. Instead, it sounded like a riddle. One he intended to solve. The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their right names. Proverb Chapter End Notes A/N: And the ghost of Draco Malfoy appears in the flesh. Art for this chapter: Hermione's Greenhouse by hohoberiberi Chapter 6: ThereIs NoCrown Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Six There Is No Crown April 10, 2011 Percy Weasley didn't do social calls. At least, social calls without purpose. That would be a waste of his time, and he had never been the sort to care for such a thing. He and Hermione were close, having been friends for yearsÑthrough Ron, obviously, but outside of him, too. Percy managed her legal documentation, concerns, and questions. He also kept her abreast of the Ministry's woes, but nothing else. Percy was careful, just in case anyone had questions for her. So, when Percy stepped out of her Floo after nine, while she was kneading dough, Hermione regarded him with a puzzled expression that cooled to something wary when she noticed his casual attire: grey trousers and a plaid shirt. He might as well have been in pyjamas. "Are you all right?" she asked with a tilt of her head. "Everything okay with Arthur and Molly?" "Yes, of course." Very strange. It got weirder when he washed and dried his hands before approaching. Ready to help. Hermione arched an eyebrow. "Do you even know how to bake bread?" "No, but I make an excellent banoffee pie." Good enough. He took over kneading while Hermione prepared the bread makerÑa gift to herself after several disastrous attempts. Percy worked quietly, his mind elsewhere. The pan was ready before he finished and she had to bump his shoulder to get his attention. Embarrassment tinted his features in a way that reminded her so much of Ron that she snorted. Stepping to the side, he allowed Hermione to finish, and by the time she washed her hands, his were cleaned and he was seated at the island. "I know this isn't a social call." She looked over her shoulder at the redhead whose pensiveness had returned amid the silence. "It's not." Percy had never been anything except direct. "More than one thing?" "Of course." Hermione joined him, but only after grabbing Schiava from the chiller and summoning two glasses. He poured while she sat down and they both swirled their glasses before drinking quietly. It was good. Sweet like berries and cotton candy. She'd picked it because, while Percy would claim to prefer merlot or chianti, Hermione knew he had a penchant for sweeter dry wine that was light and elegant. "Where do you want to start? Business might be easier. How's your pet project?" She shot Percy a meaningful look, knowing little about it beyond its existence. Tactical ignorance. "Slowly coming together. I'm trying to arrange a visit to a Cambridge library with a secret, private wizarding section. He happens to have access that I've been trying to obtain for the last four years." Hermione's eyebrow lifted in silent curiosity at the very mention of a secret library. "It has records from around the time of the Wizengamot and the Ministry's formation. The less you know the better." "True, but I wasn't aware that any of you worked jointly on the pet project. Or really knew each other outside of wherever it is you all meet to plot." "We don't. We're all linked by a common goal. I just happen to be working with this person." Hermione continued sipping her wine, the smell of baking bread beginning to suffuse the kitchen. "Anything else?" In another uncharacteristic move, instead of savouring, Percy finished his wine in two mouthfuls and refilled. Whatever was bothering him wouldn't leave him alone. Frustrating for someone like him. Hermione could relate. It had to be a more intricate problem with an elusive answer. Human in both element and scale. Personal. Hermione couldn't think of the last time either of them skirted those lines. Maybe around two years ago when Penelope Clearwater eloped with a famous American Quidditch player. Percy had taken the blow with ease, but still used her home as an escape from everyone's prying eyes and Molly's nagging about when he was going to settle down. Tonight was different. "Just one thing." Percy exhaled the last little bit of what held him back and addressed his issue head-on like the Gryffindor he was. "Pansy." Hermione looked at him once before finishing her glass as well. She needed a fresh one to tackle that issue. They both did. "What about her?" Hermione carefully asked as she poured, glancing at him. Percy ran a frustrated hand through his styled hair, messing it up. Then scowled at himself before fixing it, but it was no longer the same. He wasÉ off balance. Both shaken and still composed in a way only he could be. She knew the reasonÑthe who that had slipped her way under his skin with a single interaction. Admittedly, it had lasted long past dinner. They'd gone from the table to the sofa in the conservatory, then to the swing outside. The exchange hadn't been constant chatter from what she'd remembered, just bits of conversation. Pansy's curiosity was louder than her apathy, and Percy shed his perfectly crafted skin to laugh at something she'd said. Small smiles had been thrown back and forth between the two, which served as confirmation of the formation of tenuous strings of connection. Hermione had witnessed most of their exchange from the vantage point where she, Harry, and Ron had drank and talked until they were laughing at nothing and grinning at everything. Even through the haze of wine, even while brushing Ron's hand off her knee every so often, she could still see that Percy had seemedÉ at ease in a way Hermione wouldn't have believed possible had she not seen it for herself. Far less removed and more engaged, there had been an air of genuine contentment around Percy, one she'd never experienced for herself with another person who wasn't a close friend or pseudo-family member. Hermione was self-aware and realistic enough to know that something like that wouldn't happen with her. Just as she knew it was unlikely that she even could expose herself the same way Percy naturally had around Pansy. He was in deep, far before Harry had taken one good look, laughed, and said just that. "How long have you been friends with her?" Percy was trying not to sound as hungry for knowledge as he was. "A couple of years. We have a peace treaty." "Literally or figuratively?" "Both." "What?" Percy sounded equally confused and intrigued. "We've come a long way from arguing about kitchen cabinet colours. We're not as different as I'd once thought." She smirked fondly. "Well, we are, but I've learned to appreciate that." "She has a story." Then he frowned. "It's probably not your place to say." "Everyone has a story, but it's easy to get swept up in what we think a person's story might be, when in fact, we really have no idea unless they share it with us. But you're right. It's not my place to tell you hers. I don't know everything like Daphne does." But since Hermione was a good friend and had a great deal of respect for him, she levelled with him. "However, I can offer you a bit of advice, if that's something you might want." "I doubt I'd be here if I didn't need a bit of guidance." This was outside her comfort zone, but he had askedÑjust as she had offered. "PansiesÉ are colourful and delicate." Hermione ran her finger along the rim of her wine glass. "Common but beautiful. They live under conditions where most things would die." She looked over to find Percy watching as if he were committing her words to memory. He truly wanted to understand; it was endearing. "Like her namesake, Pansy may not look like it, but she's tough and stubborn. She won't quit, has lived through harsh conditions, and doesn't need you for her continued survival." "That doesn't sound daunting at all." "It's as simple as it's not." Hermione shifted in her chair. "Pansy has to want you. She has to choose you. She has to look at each of her options, each of her reasons for saying no, and decide to say yes, despite it all. And you have to be patient until she does." Percy drank more of his wine. "Explains why she's ignored all my letters. I even sent her a rose today. PeachÉ for sincerity." He blushed from the neck up, resting his elbow on the table, then set his chin on his fist. She found him relatable like this. Percy wasn't all waistcoats, confidence, and a member of a quiet revolution right now. He was just a man who didn't understand a woman's heart. Or anything else about her, for that matter. "I'm not certain if she even liked it." "Did you get it back?" Hermione asked. "No." "Then she loved it." That much she knew for certain. Pansy had no problem rejecting anyone. "She's prickly as hell, so be consistent, but not clingy. Don't back her into a corner. Let her breathe. She's got commitment issues, but let her tell you about her history because it makes her who she isÉ which you seem to be drawn to." The flash of smile she saw was boyish for someone so serious and it disappeared before Hermione could call him out on it. Percy sat up straighter. "I have a lot of work to do." "You do. Arithmancy might be easier." "Well, it's a good thing I got an O." Hermione laughed, and glanced at the clock. The bread would be done soon. "You know, HermioneÉ" Percy spoke deliberately, signalling a purposeful shift in their conversation. "You're good at giving advice." With a shrug, she took a sip. "I happen to have knowledge on this particular subject." "Relationships?" "No, Pansy." Percy chuckled, appearing far more relaxed and grounded than he had been when he'd first arrived. Unfortunately, he was secure enough in himself to turn his focus to her. "What about relationships? My little brother is circling againÉ" "It seems everyone knows this." Hermione drained her second glass, beginning to feel the flush of inebriation. "Isn't there something better to talk about? George and Angelina? They're making a real go at it." "Which is why everyone is turning their attention to him." "And not you?" Percy rolled his eyes. "I've been a bit preoccupied trying to restore a government. Apparently, it's still not a good enough excuse for my mother." Hermione barked out a laugh, then covered her mouth when he scowled. "Trust me, my mum is the same. At least yours understands the good you're trying to do. Mine?" She winced. "If she had it her way, I'd be married to Ron with two children by now." "I think that's my mother's wish for you as well. Ron wouldn't oppose either." His tone turned careful, blue eyes exploratory. "What about you? What do you want?" "Not that." "Not ever?" Hermione considered it. "I won't say not ever, but not with Ron." Percy allowed the silence between them to linger, but not for long. "You do know that you didn't answer the questionÑthat you never answer the question about what it is you want. Only what you don't. I won't argue about it. It's just something for you to consider." Coupled with Hermione's trust in him, the wine began to dull her senses and her walls dipped lower. She exhaled her confession. "I haven't put much thought into my wants. I have everything I need. I'm comfortable. I'm content. I have a career and purpose. Yes, I have Death Eaters to worry about and there is the threat of Greyback lingering, but I'mÑ" "Surviving." Percy gave her a look that made Hermione's skin itch. "Yes, I know. But you're also lying to yourself if you believe you don't want more." "Have you been talking to Harry?" "No. Should I?" He smiled when she pulled a face. "Without a doubt, you are one of the smartest people I know. You're unstoppable. People like you are always in pursuit of something. It's not in your nature to be stagnant, but you are." "I'm allowed to not push myself harder than I have to." He raised the wine glass to his lips. "Of course, when it comes to working long hours or over.extending yourself to meet everyone else's needs, absolutely don't push. However, when it comes to self-fulfilment, determining what you want, what you're looking for, and what will make you happyÑor even who, if that's the path you wind up onÑyou need to invest the time." She knew deep down Percy was rightÑno reflection was needed. And that was just as difficult to accept as it was to correct. The truth was that there was nothing except her own self-awareness to push her forward. And it wasn't enough. "My brother clings to this idea that you will come to your senses and realise that you two belong together." "And do you think he's right?" "No. Ron'sÉ Well, Ron's still trying to figure out what he wants. But it's different than with you. He actually does know. He just hasn't looked anywhere else to find it, and until he does, he'll always come back to what's familiar. He'll try to make you fit even when you don't." That simply would not work. She and Ron were still the same people, just newer moulds of who they had once been. Changed by experience and circumstances, their contrasts were more striking. They did work in the past, but with all the shifting and moulding, their pieces stopped fitting at some point. Hermione understood this. But Ron? Not so much. "That doesn't make me a solution. I wasn't the answer the first time, and I won't be this time either. I'm not sure what else I can do to make him understand." "I understand." Percy swirled the rest of the wine in his glass before taking another sip. "But you don't know what you're looking for or what you want." "I'll know it when I see it." She went to check on the bread, but it wasn't ready. "We're a lot alike, Hermione. And speaking as someone who's trying to both sort logic from conjecture and make wise decisions about a person I barely know, I can safely say you won't." Hermione stopped and listened. "First and foremost, you'll need time for your emotions to catch up with your rationale. You never make any moves without laying out the entire plan, along with a contingency plan should the original fail. A classic overthinker." True. Quite true, yet Hermione couldn't help but argue. "Okay, but so are you. Surely you haven't completed your Pansy-related calculations, risk versus reward, and arranged your backup plans after one meeting." "Actually, I have." Hermione MoaM Source: Jaxxinthebox April 11, 2011 Hermione was an early riser. She relished the quiet hours when the world was dark, hushed and peaceful. Mornings gave her time to think, plan, and prepare herself for each day. But that morning was unique. It was her first official day as Narcissa Malfoy's Healer, and she gave herself extra time to give the beginning of her new journey the respect it deserved. It wasn't going to be easyÑterminal cases like Narcissa's never wereÑeven without their clash of worlds. But as Hermione scanned through printed articles, she readied herself for a long trip, mentally packing every ounce of patience and stamina she would need along the way as she took her first steps down the road. One that, no matter how long she delayed the inevitable, would ultimately lead to failure, but Hermione tucked the thought away. It wouldn't do if she started the journey already thinking about the outcome. And what did she know? Maybe her detailed records on Narcissa would one day help the researcher who would eventually find the cure for her dementia. From that perspective, Hermione couldn't see any of her upcoming work as a failure. Besides, not all failures were bad. They sometimes empowered a person in a way that successes couldn't. Her own had taught Hermione more about humility, strength, and perseverance than any of her triumphs. In the quiet hours before dawn, Hermione looked out the window of her office at the sky and privately wondered what lessons she would learn during this oneÉ She was a lifelong student and prided herself on always learning new things and challenging her own ideologies. She was bound to learn something, even if it was that she would never understand pureblood culture or Narcissa Malfoy. Well, Hermione thought with a chuckle as she made her way to the kitchen, at least she could work on her list of retorts for Narcissa's brazenly stated opinions. Always best to be prepared. Normally, she spent her mornings tending to her conservatory plants before moving outdoors after sunrise, or she would read for pleasure. But that morning, inspired by Narcissa's preferred foods of choice, and the fact that she would be observing her for the entire day for any adverse reactions to the potions, Hermione carefully packed utensils, cookware, and enough food to make three meals. Confident she had everything organised in her bag, she stepped into her Floo. Her destination? The Malfoy residence. It was nearly six by the time she stepped out of the fireplace. Ceiling lights automatically turned on as the wards admitted her with a tingling, magical warmth. In truth, she hadn't paid much attention to the wardsÑor even her surroundings. But now she had time to look past furniture placement. Hermione didn't venture beyond the invisible boundaries of the open living room and kitchen, but she did take curious steps in the opposite direction. Towards the floor to ceiling glass wall Ñwith grey curtains pulled back on each sideÑthat led to their garden. The sky was beginning to stir. Pretty soon, warm pinks and oranges would trickle across the horizon as the sun began its ascent. It would be beautiful to witness outside the Malfoys' home where, beyond the white outdoor furniture just past the window, sat a blank grass canvas. She noted the telescope towards the back with a small nod of interest. A decoration, perhaps? Beaded bag in hand, Hermione slowly circumvented the pristine living room. She took note of the marble staircase by the wall and the long hall that extended past the kitchen, magic turning on each light one by one down the hall, inviting her to explore. She didn't accept. Instead, Hermione frowned at her surroundings. Truth be told, she wasn't surveying their home out of curiosity or to be nosyÑwell, not completely. A patient's home told her a lot about them: things she couldn't discern through any other means. There were always little odds and ends lying around that she could use to determine their motivation, nature, and character. It made her job easier in the long run. And while the Malfoys' unexpectedly modern home drew forth a lot of questions, Hermione couldn't get past one little thing that tickled at the back of her skullÉ The house was clinical, impersonalÑnot at all like a home. Like a museum exhibit, there were no accents or decorations. No bookshelves spoke to the subjects they were interested in. No tapestries with faces. No portraits, not even ones that would curse her blood. In fact, there were no pictures of any members of their family, only abstract paintings that could be found anywhereÑartistic and expensive, but ultimately lacking personality and warmth. It was frustrating. And the feeling followed her into the kitchen where she observed blank countertops. Their home told Hermione nothing about who the Malfoys were as a family. Or individual people. Well, that wasn't entirely true. She knew one thing: they were intensely private. That much was obvious. Hermione placed her bag on the kitchen island, staring thoughtfully into the immaculate, nondescript living room. Their house had also told her another thing: The one who approved the design wanted nothing to do with who they had been before the war. While her current surroundings screamed superiority and wealth, there was nothing that told of the rich family history they had once been so proud of. One that was still burning thirteen years later under a warded dome of magic. It was only then that Hermione realised there was also nothing in the house that so much as hinted at the existence of a child. Scorpius. Harry had three kids, but even when James was the only one, signs of him had been everywhere. There were no drawings on the fridge. No toys left strewn about. No smudges or stains that magic couldn't clean. Having met Scorpius, albeit briefly, it made sense. Hermione put the thought to the side. Solving all the Malfoy family's mysteries in one morning was beyond unrealistic. Family was always a tricky aspect of caring for a terminally ill patient; she still had time before she needed them on board. After looking around for appropriate cookwareÑand finding none for her intended purpose ÑHermione was grateful she had brought her own. She put the perishables in the refrigerator and set to work. Breakfast was simple: porridge and a fresh fruit salad with pecans, chia, an assortment of berries, cut apples, with freshly squeezed orange juice. Something hardy for her first dose of potions. She put a kettle on for tea, pulled out Narcissa's morning potions, and had just finished when she heard a throat clear from the open entrance of the kitchen. Hermione lifted her head to find Malfoy, who seemed confused by her presence. Well, that made two of them. Hermione was just as baffled by the sight of him. Freshly-shaven, she guessed Malfoy had done it as an act of appeasement to his mother. But never mind that, something else distracted her. He was wearing glasses. He hadn't been wearing them before. She would have remembered. "Malfoy," Hermione greeted. He carried the Prophet and a crossword puzzle book in one hand and a pen in the other; his outward appearance sent a clear message: Back the fuck off. Typical. Malfoy wore black like it was invented for him, as if it defined him. Though a contrast to his mother, who wore colour all the time, his choice wasn't shocking. Black was a symbol of power, elegance, and perceived superiority. Harry had mentioned he rarely wore the navy robes that denoted his position and rankÑrefused to, even. No one argued with him either. Hermione amused herself with the mental image of his closet having rows upon rows of black suits, robes, dress shirts, and ties. All black everything. Or maybe Malfoy had seven outfits, one marked for each day of the weekÑand on the floor there were seven pairs of black dress shoes organised in a row. A rigid attire for an equally rigid man. "Granger." Malfoy greeted her with a nod that was every bit as cool as his eyes were piercing. Perhaps she had hallucinated it, but Hermione swore she saw his eyes cut down, then back to hers. "You lookÉ normal today." Malfoy's comment set her on edge. She considered her jeans and black fitted shirt. There it was again. That surge. That sharp swell of energy that made her shaky, much like she always felt before a fight. She found herself unable to hold back her reaction to a statement she would have otherwise ignored. "What's that supposed to mean?" "Your ankle is better, I presume." Malfoy placed the paper, book, and pen on the countertop. "My ankle wasn't hurt." Hermione had all but forgotten about her twisted ankle, having healed it after leaving. Malfoy said nothing, only approached with a walk that managed to be business-like and efficient, but casual. His energy was distinctive and piquant, but difficult to explain, and impossible to ignore. In a low voice, just as he passed, Malfoy said, "You're a terrible liar, Granger." Hermione's hand flexed, hesitating overÉ whatever she had been reaching for. Flustered by her own jitters, she tracked Malfoy's movements with her eyes, observing as he opened an upper cabinet. He reached, but stopped mid-way, turning to her, eyes sharp and probing. "Can I help you?" Hermione averted her gaze, but kept her ears open as he went through a sequence of actions that seemed routine. And she resumed hers, pulling her wand out and spelling the island clean of the evidence of her meal preparations, then setting a stasis charm around the food. More footsteps on the wood. Not walking back in her direction, but taking a different path around the island. Malfoy placed a note next to a small bowl and spoon. The refrigerator opening jarred her, too focused on Malfoy's movements, then a container of milk floated to the table and landed in front of the bowl, next to the box ofÉ Frosties? Hermione's eyebrows raised so high they threatened to merge with the rest of her hair; then higher as she watched Malfoy artfully arrange the bowl and spoon on the table with much more care than needed. Now, she officially had more questions than answers. "I can hear you thinking over there, Granger. If you must know, even though it's none of your business," despite the low volume, his tenor carried his irritation across the space between them, "my mother allows my son cereal on Mondays when he's had a good previous week." With that bizarre statement out in the universe wreaking havoc on her baseline knowledge of Draco Malfoy, the man himself retrieved his wand from his jacket pocket and set his own stasis charm. She should have kept silent, but that wasn't her way. "His choice in cereal is surprisinglyÑ" "Muggle?" Grey eyes cut to her. "How judgmental of you. I expected better." His scold was short but brutal. Lips pressed whipcord thin, his jawline was more pronounced now that he was clean-shaven. Malfoy was clearly suited up, armed, and ready for an argument. And in response, Hermione prepared herself for battle. Chasing the memory of his tone back to when he'd said her name, she wondered if she had been experiencing an auditory hallucination. Today, Malfoy sounded every bit like the unapologetic arse Harry complained about. "It's not judgmental if it's based on fact." "Is that what you tell yourself?" Malfoy pocketed his wand, took a step back from the table, then approached. Hermione half-expected him to leave, she had clearly disturbed his morning, but he took a seat on the other side of the island from where she stood. He summoned his paper, book, and pen, and snapped his fingers onceÉ then realised something that Hermione was still trying to process. The house-elf was on holiday. Draco sighed. "I've got a kettle on for tea, if you'd like." "No thank you." His response was curt, as expected. Malfoy adjusted the rim of his glasses and opened the book to a half-finished crossword, Hermione's presence forgotten as soon as he picked up his pen. Intrigue kept her standing still. Hermione liked crosswords. It was a mental exercise the academic in her appreciated. They were orderly and neat. There was one choice for each square; everything predestined in a way that was deeply satisfying. Only one thing was offÉ He used a pen. It was gutsy. Bold. Arrogant. Horrifying. Malfoy moved efficiently from one clue to the next while she looked on, waiting for him to make a mistake. But he didn't. Several minutes passed before Hermione stopped anticipating errors and started noticing other things. Malfoy was left-handed and his handwriting wasn't as pristine as his attire; it was actually quite messy and difficult to read. The swotty completionist in her read the unmarked clues upside down. "Four down is abstruse." His pen paused on twelve across, mid-letter, and his grip tightened. "I know." And there it was, the drawl she remembered. The one she hated. Malfoy exhaled in exasperation, capped his pen, and closed his book. "I'm certain you have something better to do." Of course Hermione did, but now that he was here, it seemed like the perfect opportunity to speak to him in private about his mother's care. "IÑ" Her words died when Malfoy unfolded the paper, an act that removed him from her sight. The front page photo showed the Minister and Tiberius posing together under the headline: Ministry Celebrates Seventh Economic Surplus. Which was unsettling. Most of the Ministry's money went to rebuilding and ensuring their economic future; far less went to defending it. They were reporting an economic surplus, but couldn't produce Wolfsbane for lycanthropes, couldn't assist those who were left destitute after the war and various Death Eater attacks over the years, and couldn't provide Harry a decent budget to properly train the newer Aurors. Or re-educate the older ones that swore they knew it all. Or even properly staff the Task Force. A Task ForceÑHarry had informed herÑthat was worse off than the Auror Department. It was full of Hit Wizards that had been selected for a department that made them work long, thankless, and often dangerous hours for little money. Malfoy worked for no salary. She looked around. It wasn't like he needed the money anyway, butÉ Hermione frowned once more, watching the loop of a stiff handshake and even stiffer smiles, before looking away, her eyes drifting back to the table set up for his son. Like his lack of salary, Malfoy setting out his son's breakfast was oddly sweet and didn't match up with the prattish, arrogant man currently skimming through the morning paper to blot out her presence. The kettle whistled. Hermione took her time retrieving two teacups, but left one on the counter next to the stove for Narcissa when she came down for breakfast. The second she used to make herself a cup of green tea, not bothering to add anything. She cut off the eye on the stovetop, vowing to bring her electric kettle tomorrow, and leaned back on the counter. Hermione held her teacup in one hand while working the teabag up and down with the other, keeping her eyes trained on him as she tried to figure out a different way to speak about his mother. Malfoy's deep, dry voice cut through the quiet like a hot knife through butter. "Will your interruption of my daily hour of peace and quiet become a regular occurrence or is today a special occasion?" Hermione stopped mid-steep. Now that the real Draco Malfoy was there, and not the intruder from yesterday, she made the proper adjustments. Hermione could handle this person. "Unfortunately, we'll be disrupting each other's peace for the foreseeable future. I'll be your mother's Healer." "She has informed me." He brought each end of the paper together to flip the page and went back to reading, still obscured completely by the newspaper. "I'll confess I'm surprised that you accepted her after rejecting her so decidedly." It was a dead topic she thought she was finished discussing. Apparently not. "I'm well within my right to change my mind." Malfoy folded the paper in half, his eyes already resting on her. Then he doubled it over again, pressing a crisp crease with his thumb and forefinger. "Only after Pansy's meddling." There was a flutter of interest about how and when he'd heard, but her growing list of questions was so long the thought of adding more threatened to overload her. "How long have you been a Healer?" he asked. "Last I heard, you were marching up the ranks in the Ministry." "Your information is severely outdated." "Hmm." His noncommittal response hung in the silence. "I find it interesting that you've made a career out of taking on charity projectsÉ albeit unsurprising." Her recoil was minute and instinctive, but judging from the tiny quirk of his brow above the frame of his glasses, he'd still observed her reaction before she was able to cover it up. That only caused her irritation to spike. "My patients are people, not projects. I doubt you'd like it if I considered your mother a project." "Project or person, it means little to me how you think of my mother. Only that you actually do the job she's paying an exorbitant fee for you to do." "That job you speak so flippantly about is working to monitor and care for your mother as her dementia progresses." Hermione watched Malfoy's face for any clues he might provide, but he gave nothing away. Even subconsciously he was locked up tight. Daphne was right. "I figured that would be important to her son, of all people." He opened his mouth to speak, but Hermione wasn't finished. "Furthermore, I didn't set my salary, your mother did. I don't know what you're implying, but Ñ" "I'm not implying anything, Granger. I'm merely stating a fact. My mother is notorious for her extravagant spending. Money is no object." Shrugging, he adjusted his glasses. "I don't care about the terms of your contract, I'm more curious about why you accepted her after your rejection." Malfoy placed the paper on the granite. "What changed your mind?" Hermione pulled herself up from her relaxed position against the counter, approaching the island he was sitting at. "I have my reasons." "That's not an answer." "Why does it matter to you?" "I make it my business to know these things, especially if it involves a member of my family." "Your mother isn't easy. What ulterior motives would I have to accept her as a patient?" Folding his arms, he stared straight at her. "You tell me." It wasn't his words that rubbed her wrong, but the implication beneath them. "Do I look like the sort that would exploit her? Better yet, is your mother the sort to be exploited?" "Not at this stage, at least." It was a thin reply, at best. Narcissa was under the impression that her son didn't care whether she lived one second more than she should, but Hermione had doubts. "As for your other questions, Granger, I suppose it's a matter of character, and I don't know yours." "TouchŽ." "My character, on the other hand, has little to do with how you treat my mother." Malfoy sounded as frustrated as she felt. Good. "No, but your character has everything to do with how well you and I are going to work together in the future as your mother declines. WeÑ" "Then it shouldn't matter because you and I will not be working together." Resting her teacup on the island, she folded her arms, mirroring him. "That's interesting." "How so?" Malfoy was delusional if he didn't think he would have to involve himself. "Regardless of what you think, how you feel, or your relationship with your mother, there will come a point when you will have to step in. You'll need a plan for her as her magic becomes erratic and she begins to forget everythingÑincluding you. She will have hallucinations and motor control issues, she'll become combative and have mood swings. She may Apparate in a moment of confusion and Splinch herself. There's so much more to contend with that you can't ignore simply because of how you feel about her or me. Yes, she might have Healers, but you will have to start making decisions for her when she cannot." "I'm perfectly aware of my duties, Granger." Malfoy's voice was dangerous with an undercurrent of pure steel. "I am constantly reminded of them." Beneath the cold ice of irritation laid something that gave her pause, made her reconsider her words and even her tone. Something she recognised within herself: Bone-deep exhaustion. "IÉ" Hermione sipped her tea to wet her dry throat. It didn't help. "I said no to your mother at first because we know each other, and that's strictly against my rules. That's it. No other factors played into my initial decision. Why I changed my mind, wellÑit wasn't just Pansy advocating for your mother. Harry did as well." She noted Malfoy's small spark of interest. "Why would PotterÑ" "Harry said he would have accepted her." Malfoy only blinked once, then looked away, frowning deeply. "It should have been Roger Davies here in my place, but ultimately, the decision was mine." The silence that remained was not calm or relaxing. Still, Hermione felt some measure of relief for the break in conversation. "Charming words, Granger." From his tone, the sentiment meant little to him. Which was fine because it was true nonetheless. "And your history with my family won't affect her care?" "Not only did I take an oath when I became a Healer, but I wouldn't have taken her case if in my core I believed I couldn't be unbiased. I understand the threat against your family. We all face the same opposition. But are you really so paranoid?" "What if I am?" "It doesn't matter. Your mother will receive the best care I can provide, given the parameters she's set." His face continued to give nothing, so she tried yet another approach. "Do you have any questions about her treatment plan? I can provide a copy ofÑ" "That won't be necessary. As I've stated, I don't care to be involved." It sounded less like his lack of involvement was due to his trust in her treatment plan, and more because he simply didn't give a damn. When lined up with how he'd repeatedly asked why she had accepted Narcissa as a patient, his apathy didn't add up. Not many things about him were lining up. "Your mother needs your support." Malfoy did not look impressed. "My support?" "She's notÉ" Going to survive this. "If you think we're going to sit around and discuss our feelings on her mortality, you obviously don't know my family." "No, I don't," Hermione said honestly. "However, I find it a bit strange that you care more about your mother bringing her security detail everywhere because of the threat of Death Eaters than you care about the disease that's actually killing her." His face settled into a mask harder than the granite that separated them. "Don't presume that after one day you know the inner-workings of my family." "I never assumed anything. I was merely making an observation." "Your observation sounds a lot like judgement, which you have absolutely noÑ" "Observation, Malfoy, is a neutral act of taking in information. Judgement involves formulating an opinion regarding both the value and merit of what's being observed. If you're going to use the two words, know what they mean and know that they aren't interchangeable." The hard look he gave made Hermione straighten her spine and meet his stare just as boldly. "Bullshit, Granger." "No, it isn't. ItÑ" Malfoy scoffed. "You don't know how to separate observation from assumption and judgement. You observe something and immediately formulate an interpretation, and from that interpretation you make a decision. An assumption, really." "That's not true." "Case in point: my son's cereal choices. You observe and assume that because we're purebloods we don't know anything about the Muggle world, much less allow him to have anything from it. Which validates my previous statement." Hermione attempted to make a counterpoint, but hesitated becauseÑ Well, he had a point. The look on his face transformed; he recognised his victory, but she wasn't finished. "Fine, then help me understand. I'll be treating your mother, and whether or not you know it, treating her is more than giving her potions to ease the symptoms of her disease. It's about understanding her drive to seek care in the first place and making sure I can keep her motivated to stay the course, even when things become more difficult down the line. Family has always been a motivator to her. It's why she sought my help in the first place and it will make my job easier when I know what I'm working with." Malfoy's head tilted slightly to the side as he observed her with what looked like bewilderment. Hermione had no idea. She had no real baseline that she could use to decipher him. Except Hogwarts, and that was as skewed a reference point as any because he wasn't that child anymore. "My mother is your only patient. You would do well to remember that." Before he left, he pointed at the bowl of porridge under the stasis charm. "However, in the interest of helping," the last word came out in a sneer that took her back to Second Year, "I'd like to wish you luck, Granger. You'll need it to get my mother to willingly eat that bowl of slop." As she watched him go, Hermione considered testing her luck to see if she could make a direct hit when she threw it at his head. Draco - Newspaper Source: Jaxxinthebox Unfortunately, Malfoy was right. Narcissa stared at the bowl of porridge like it had personally offended her. Or like it would spontaneously come to life. Or like she was trying to identify it without having to outright ask. Hermione wasn't certain which, as her face seemed to go through a wide range of emotions before settling into a look of extreme suspicion. She heaved a patient sigh, then glanced at her watch. Almost half an hour had passed since Narcissa had floated into the kitchen dressed in long, flowing periwinkle robes and the simple necklace with the plain gold band. She must have already dressed for hosting tea with acquaintances at noon (before her afternoon potions)Ñan hour Hermione would make herself scarce. Narcissa's symptoms weren't obvious that morning, but they were present. There was a light sheen of sweat on her forehead that she'd tried to dab away, despite the hand tremors. She voiced her deep frustration at having forgotten where she'd placed her favourite broach, forgot an answer to one of Hermione's questions, and was agitated from a poor night's rest. Hermione hoped the complete regime of potions would help, but it would be days or even a week before she would be able to definitively determine that. Still, Hermione placed several charms on one of her bracelets to turn it into a tracker that would continually monitor her vitals. The results would appear in real time on charmed paper that Hermione would check regularly. She also quietly set a deterrent charm, just in case Narcissa decided one day that she wanted to remove it altogether. That could not happen. Hermione's second cup of tea was nearly emptyÑher food long since finished, and dishes washed by hand and put away. She found herself pretending not to watch Narcissa Malfoy. Hermione skimmed the calorie content from the box of cereal that was still where Malfoy had left it. The sugar content was obscene. Narcissa delicately poked her porridge with her spoon, and Hermione tried to ease her feelings, much like one would a petulant child. "It's quite good, if you give yourself a chance." The suspicious look only deepened. "I do not eat breakfast in general." "Which is why I made porridge. It's a start. You'll have to eat, as the morning potions will make you nauseous if you don't." Besides, Hermione had watched as Narcissa tried to cover the tremor that had passed not long ago by attempting to start a conversation about changing the drapes by the window. The last of her old potions was out of her system and, while it was informative to see her baseline, Hermione wasn't interested in watching her struggle to hold a spoon any longer than necessary. "Perhaps if I drink teaÑ" "It's not enough." Hermione folded her hands in a show of her thinning patience. "Perhaps if we determine what you would eat for breakfast, maybeÑ" She poked the porridge again with her spoon. "There is a very long list of things I would rather eat than this." "You haven't actually tried it." Hermione wondered if she should have tried a more traditional breakfast for their first day. "It looks most unappetising. The fruit salad at least looks palatable, but I have no taste for it at the moment. Not when it is room temperature." "I have it on good account that you like pie, which is essentially warm fruit." Hermione frowned. "Perhaps, I could make you a smoothie." If possible, the look on her face soured even more. "That sounds even more unappealing." "How could you possibly know?" "I know because I have extremely delicate sensibilities, Miss Granger." She was about to retort when she heard footsteps approaching on the wood floors. Much too quick to be Malfoy's. Or any adult's. Which meantÉ Hermione turned just in time to catch sight of the youngest Malfoy's approach. "Remember your manners, Scorpius." Narcissa didn't even look up from the porridge she had finally scooped onto her spoon. He halted in the entryway, but scanned the room, obviously not finding what he had all but ran into the room in search of. His shoulders fell in disappointmentÉ until he spotted Hermione, who was unabashedly staring at the little boy, struck by just how much he looked like his father. Except for the small differences. Malfoy had always been just a bit taller than Harry, but Scorpius was slightly shorter than Albus. He was a slight boy with pale skin. More blond than white, his hair was parted and neatly combed. He was dressed like a schoolboy in black shorts, white shirt, a dark blazer, socks rolled up, and leather shoes. It was likely his everyday attire, judging from the way he didn't pick and pull at it. Or perhaps it wasn't in his nature to do such a childish thing. "You may approach." Narcissa's formality seemed bizarre; she was speaking to her grandchildÑnot a stranger. She'd heard so many stories about how much she doted on Malfoy, and she had seen the evidence of it with all the sweets he'd received during school. So, it struck Hermione as odd to see Narcissa being so stern with Scorpius. She considered laughing at the sheer ridiculousness of the entire situation, but was unable to do so because it wasn't a joke. It was real life. And it called into focus Daphne's words from a few days ago. Especially when Scorpius did as instructed, obediently advancing with careful steps. His chin was slightly raised, back straight, and shoulders held in a posture so perfect it looked robotic. Trained, was the first word that came to mind. Hermione turned back to tea, taking the last sip to rid herself of the peculiar feeling associated with the word. Scorpius stopped next to Narcissa's chair, waiting to be addressed. Hermione placed her teacup on the saucer with a small clink. "How did you sleep?" She asked her grandson. Only then did Hermione remember that he didn't speak. At that, she turned and locked eyes with the bluest pair she'd ever seen on a person. Piercing and bright, they weren't his father's eyes, but she caught the stubbornness and shrewd intelligence in them that he'd inherited from the man himself. As well as that childlike curiosity she remembered from Theo's office. When she smiled politely in greeting, his ears turned red and he briefly looked down. Hermione's grin transformed instantly for one reason only: Scorpius was adorable. Not nearly as pointy as his father, he was softer. Not as cold. In fact, the more she looked at him, the more she could tell that there was something warm about him, despite his grandmother's treatment. "You mustn't stare, Scorpius," Narcissa admonished. "It is impolite." The little boy looked down once again in a bashful apology. Then he must have remembered himself because he stood straightÑlike he had been taught to doÑaverting his eyes. But it only lasted a moment because Hermione turned in her chair towards him, leaning in a bit as she offered her hand to shake. "I'm Hermione." Scorpius looked at her hand, but like with Theo, he made no move to accept it, simply lifting his eyes back to hers. And though it was a rejection, it didn't feel like one because Scorpius kept staring at her in the way small kids often did. Curious. He wanted to learn. She was something new and different. A quick glance at his grandmother made him remember his manners, which was why he bowed politely. Hermione's eyes followed him all the way to the chair across the table from hers. Her smile waned, transforming into something more thoughtful as she watched him take his seat after removing his blazer and patting his pockets. The chair was charmed to automatically bring him up to the appropriate height to sit comfortably. A bit of magic Hermione hadn't seen before, but Scorpius never reacted. Apparently, this was normal. His routine. It was odd to watch a child methodically settle in for breakfast. Scorpius knew where everything should be; he didn't even look when he first reached for the scrap of paper she had seen Malfoy leave. The note, Hermione corrected herself. Draco Malfoy left a note for his son. Not out of the ordinary, but the way Daphne spoke of his distance didn't make sense when coupled with the note. Hermione pondered it further as she watched him unfold the note, and scan the words with deep concentration. As if heÑ "Scorpius can read a little, but I doubt he can read Draco's handwriting. It is incredibly poor." Almost on cue, his head tilted to the side. Hermione disguised her laughter as a cough that fooled no one. Narcissa frowned and Scorpius' unamused expression was eerily reminiscent of his father. "He is quite shy, Miss Granger." Narcissa poured milk into his cereal bowl. Briefly, she left and returned with a glass of juice, placing it on his right. Scorpius looked confused by the drink. "Do not be offended if he does not speak to you. I make sure to speak to him normally, even though I know I will not receive a response." "Oh." "Make no mistake, he can speak, Miss Granger. He just stubbornly chooses not to." Scorpius looked directly at Hermione, as if confirming his grandmother's statement with a blank expression. Then, he picked up his spoon with his left handÑyet another thing he had inherited from his fatherÑand tucked into his sugary cereal with manners highly unusual for a boy his age, or any age for that matter. Narcissa delicately tasted her porridge. She didn't use her napkin to spit it out, but it was a close call. Upon her first couple of chews, her face morphed from sceptical to cautiously impressed. "It is not as horrific as it looks." "Good." Meanwhile, Hermione's mind was short-circuiting from the large quantities of rapid-fire processing it performed in the seconds after her statement. Not about her finding the porridge palatable, but beforeÉ about the silent boy politely eating his cereal while staring at the note next to his bowl. He looked like a miniature Draco Malfoy reading the paper. Just without glasses, the cold disposition, or the attitude. "Scorpius," Narcissa gently chastised. "Do not slouch." She ate her porridge slower when he started watching her, emulating her. Hermione cleared her throat. "You should finish soon. I'm trying to keep your potions on a schedule and you're running a little close to the end of it." Which was enough to distract Narcissa from further conversation. Spoon halfway to his mouth, Scorpius regarded her for a moment with an expression she couldn't read before he went back to his breakfast. The meal progressed quickly from there. Pockets of conversation with Narcissa interrupted her continued observation of the silent Scorpius. Once Narcissa finished, Hermione watched as she proceeded to take her first set of potions, chasing each with tea. They were quite disgusting. After running a series of diagnostic charms that left the youngest Malfoy in wide-eyed wonder, Hermione checked the results on the charmed parchment then went about clearing the table. "Do not trouble yourself, Miss Granger, the nanny will be in shortly to sort it. She usually fills in on weekends and when Zippy is on holiday." "It's no trouble at all." Hermione picked up her empty teacup and Narcissa's bowl and walked them to the sink. Scorpius appeared, politely handing Hermione his empty bowl, cup, and spoon. He was helping. "Thank you, Scorpius." Hermione smiled graciously. Narcissa called him and he returned to her side. Making quick work of cleaning his bowl and drying everything with a wave of her wand, she levitated each piece back in its place while pretending not to listen. "You did very well yesterday. Let us make it another day with no incidents." There was a chill in her tone that settled on Hermione's spine. Scorpius responded with that strange bow. "You have two minutes and your tutor is waiting for you upstairs in the library." Hermione made certain Scorpius was long gone before she moved from her spot at the sink. "How old is he?" She already knew, but the question was asked to make conversation. "Five." "HeÉ is extremely well-behaved." That was a massive understatement; he seemed more like a miniature adult than a child. Except for moments when she saw hints of the childÉ "We pay excellent money for tutors to make sure of it." The detachment in her voice made Hermione anxious to change the subject. "The schedule you provided states that you are hosting tea. Is there a place where I can make myself scarce during that time? I need to do some reading anyway." "As you plan to monitor me throughout the day for the next thirty days, you may use Draco's office to work. It is just down the hall." She pointed in the direction her grandson had just disappeared, which led Hermione to believe there was more than one staircase in their home. The only one she knew of was just off the living room. "It should be to your liking." Hermione nodded absently, noticing the small changes in Narcissa's physical symptoms since she'd taken her morning potions. Even her eyes looked brighter. "How do you feel? The combination is designed to give you a little energy boost." "Then they are working as planned. I actually feelÉ" Narcissa sounded as though she couldn't believe her next words. "Quite good." It was either evidence of success or a Placebo Effect. Only time would tell. Scorpius Malfoy Source: Jaxxinthebox If Hermione had to predict how Malfoy's office would look, she would have only earned half marks. She would have expected it to resemble the rest of the home: modern with neutral tones, elaborately furnished, and zero personal touches. Instead, Malfoy's office reminded her of her own. It was about the same size, too: cosy, and not too large. There were no plants, but there was a large, faded Turkish rug that looked more like a tapestry that belonged on the wall than the floor. It was terribly unsightly. His desk was made of dark wood and held a healthy amount of clutter. In front of the fireplace a black leather sofa sat next to a small glass table. Above the fireplace something caught her eye. A recent family portrait hung in an ornate frame. Narcissa, Draco, and ScorpiusÑall very stern and all dressed in black. There were two smaller portraits next to it. One of Draco standing alone, frowning at her presence in his office. The next showed Narcissa and Scorpius, likely taken the same day as the larger one. Portrait Narcissa had her hands on his shoulders and the boy looked like he wanted to be anywhere else. Odder still, none of them moved. Every painted subject stood perfectly still, suspended forever in a slice of time. It was sad. Hermione took in the wall lined with floor to ceiling bookcases, all organised and packed to the brim. But that wasn't all that piqued her curiosity. From the doorway, at a glance, his office looked like it belonged to the conservative man society thought he should be. Books that spoke to his intelligence, family portraits that spoke to his dedication to his duty to uphold his family's name, and a space that was just lavish enough to remind a visitor of his wealth. But when she took a deeper look, she spotted the inconsistencies only noticeable to the most observant. The books themselves were a study in contrasts: a dichotomy between what society knew of Draco Malfoy, how he presented himself to the world, and the identity of the man whoÑ judging from the clutterÑspent a lot of time in this room. They weren't all on magical subjects by magical authors. No Dark Arts texts or any manuscripts by any extremists. Instead, there were books on Chemistry and Geology, Botany and Physics, Philosophy and Art History. Buddhism. She spotted Blanchot, Derrida, Tolstoy, Nietzsche. Classical fiction. Autobiographies. Poetry. And that was just what she could see. There was so much more to explore if she climbed the black ladder and scanned the higher shelves, but Hermione didn't. She left it alone with one question to the empty office: "Who is Draco Malfoy?" Nothing made sense. Not the home and certainly not the people living within its walls. None of it fit in the neat box she'd created for them. For someone like Hermione, who liked things that made sense because they brought order to chaos, it was wreaking havoc on her worldview. It would have been easy to brand them as a pureblood clichŽ, reduce them all to the vision of what they ought to be, but how could she possibly do that now? Malfoy's earlier words were still ringing in her ears. She had to take a hard look at her own flawed logic and question it. And, by extension, question herself. There wasn't a metric to measure people, and yet, for some reason, that rule hadn't been applied to the Malfoys. MaybeÑokay, most definitelyÑit was her bias. That stubborn, know-it-all part of her that just knew she had them all figured out and was right about the sort of people they were. The part of her thatÑ Hermione sighed. The part of her that judged. There. She said it. Hermione could admit she'd made assessments that hadn't been correct. Her character flaw. Would it change now that she was standing in the most confusing room of the house thus far? No. But what she could do was something she should have done the moment she'd accepted Narcissa as a patient. Start over. No, truly start at the beginning with them, as she had with every other patient. She needed to scrub her mind of everything she knew about the Malfoy family and start with a clean slate. Hermione could admit to herself that she was well outside of her depths when it came to them. She had no idea who they were and she knew she needed to go about learning them in a better, more productive way. Only then would she learn without biasÑwithout harming or drawing any inference from one belief about them to another. No matter what Malfoy thought, Hermione really was treating the entire family. Malfoy especially. Narcissa's only child. The one who would take her loss the hardest. So, Hermione packed away the assumptions, excavated her unconscious attitude, and stepped back from all she'd known, leaving her withÉ nothing. She took a deep breath. Crossing the room to Malfoy's desk, with her bag in hand, she was ready to dig into research. But when she sat at his cluttered desk, she sawÉ well, Draco Malfoy. Not just as an aggravating man, her old classmate and adversary, and Narcissa's only sonÉ No, Hermione saw him as a father. There, in a neat and simple frameÑturned away from the room, for his eyes onlyÑwas a moving picture of him holding a newborn Scorpius. His look of confused wonder slowly transformed to a soft smile. The photo was so intimate, so warm, so unlike who she knew him to be. Hermione turned her head only to catch another photo. It had been taken recently. Both father and son were dressed in black bespoke suits, not smiling or touching or anything. Cold. Hermione stood and claimed a spot on his sofa. After rifling around in her bag for her research, she immersed herself in her task. She needed to clear all the excess from her mind and focus on something that required her full attention. Eventually, though, Hermione needed more space, so she spread her work out on the glass coffee table, making notes on the printed paper in pen and highlighting important bits that warranted further research. In fact, she was so wrapped up in examining everythingÑflipping through article after article, comparing them to the books she'd brought alongÑthat all of it nearly went airborne when the Floo flared to life and Malfoy walked out as if he were stepping out of hell and back onto Earth. MalfoyÑno longer in glassesÑwas so surprised by her presence that it stopped him in his tracks. His mouth opened then closed once. Then his eyes darkened. "What are you doing in my office, Granger?" Hermione almost apologised, but she stopped herself. Apologise for what? "Your mother said I could work here while she hosted tea. She said you would be late, as always." "Did she now?" A statement; not a question. "I left a roll of parchment hereÉ for work." That unique discomfort returned, creeping along her spine as she started gathering her papers together in a rushed pile, mixing things she'd wanted to keep separate. It didn't matter. "I can leave." A fleeting thought was given to the photos on his desk and really, Hermione felt guilty for invading what was obviously his private space. "I didn't mean to intrude." "That won't be necessary." His words halted her move to depart. "I'll have a conversation with my mother later." "She didn't seem to think you'd mind." "That's the problem right there, Granger. She didn't think." Finally, he moved from his spot in front of the fireplace, crossing the room to his desk. She watched, waiting in silent tension as he picked up a roll of parchment off his desk. Without turning around, he asked, in a tone so deadly serious that she continued gathering her papers because fuck this, "Did you sit at my desk?" Exactly how he knew, Hermione had no idea. She'd been careful to not touch anything. For a breath, she considered lying, but decided it was pointless to lie to someone who already knew the answer before asking the question. "I did, but only for a second. Your desk didn't provide the space I needed, so I moved to the sofa." Malfoy turned his head to her, eyes narrowed with suspicion. Contempt? "Did my office provide you with everything you needed to make your judgement of me?" "My observation, Malfoy, is simple. I don't know the person you've become in the last thirteen years, that much is true, but the same goes for you." She took a step towards him. "Perhaps I'm not the only one with preconceived notions." "Ah, so you admit it." "Something about me that you don't know, Malfoy? I'm not scared to admit when I'm wrong." Hermione shrugged and when his expression slowly transformed to something akin to tightly focused bewilderment, she took one more step forward. Then another. "I've never claimed to be perfect, nor do I expect myself or anyone else to hold themselves to such an impossible standard." "That doesn't quite fit with your reputation as the Brightest Witch of our Age." "My reputation may be that, but it's not exactly who I am. That's who others think I amÑ" Just like you aren't exactly your reputation, Hermione almost said. But she backtracked. "I get angry and can be vindictive. I can be self-righteous and hypercritical. I have little shame in who I am, because that person is ever-evolving. Right now, I am challenging myself, not just as it pertains to your mother, but also as it pertains to you." She paused when Malfoy's brows drew together. "However, just as I have made assumptions about your family, you have made them about meÑ" "And yet, I feel there's more that you want to add." Malfoy folded his arm, leaning back on his cluttered desk. His mask feigned ease, but his clenched fist spoke of agitation. "No addition. Only perhaps." Hermione held up a finger and offered a metaphorical olive branch. "As in, perhaps, in time, I hope we might have a better, judgement-free understanding of one another." Malfoy's cold glare and snide question was quintessentially him: "And why would we do that, Granger?" "Because we're adults, not quarrelling children. Because of your mother, I'll be a part of your lifeÑin some respectsÑfor the rest of hers. You might not like it, but it'sÑ" "Fine." He stared at her long and hard for several moments before he pushed off the desk. Two steps later and he was directly in front of her, speaking in a voice that kept her single-minded focus on him. "Speaking of the future, for future reference, my office is off limits. To everyone." Malfoy left the same way he came in. Hermione stood in her living room after a long first day for a solid thirty minutes just blinking at nothing before she waved the proverbial white flag and called an emergency gathering. On a Monday. By the time Hermione arrived at the not so crowded pub in Hackney, no less than an hour after she'd sent off the request via Patronus, Parvati and Pansy were already there, sitting at a quieter table near the back. The former had the most obnoxious fruity pink drink waiting while the latter had four shots sitting in front of her. Hermione eyed them sceptically before taking the seat between them. "I Apparated here, are you both trying to make me Splinch myself going home?" She examined one of the shot glasses full of clear liquid. "Is thisÑ" "Russian vodka? Yes. Two for you and two for me." Pansy grinned. "Have you eaten? I ordered Beef Wellington for you. Should be around soon." "I haven't eaten since lunch." Which had included meeting Scorpius' young nanny, who'd delivered him for lunch with his grandmother, but hadn't stayed. Narcissa hadn't returned from tea at that time so Hermione had spent ten long minutes locked in a staring match with a five-year-old. He'd won. She hadn't expected his presence for the meal, but he ate the chicken salad she'd given him without fussÑwell, the lettuce, tomatoes, and cheese. Scorpius carefully picked around the chicken. The fact that the opposite hadn't happened was strange, but it wasn't her place to give it much thought. Hermione left that bit to Narcissa who kept prodding him to eat the chicken when she arrived for lunch. But he never did. "In fairness to us," Parvati said. "We didn't know what state you'd be in when you arrived. The last time you called an emergency outing on a Monday was four years ago when Krum visited and you had that one-off." Hermione whipped her head around so fast she vaguely heard Pansy's "What the fuck?" when the ends of her ponytail hit her in the face. "First of all, I didn't shag him." She'd gotten cold feet. Viktor had been nice about it. After all, they had been essentially pen pals for years. It didn't seem like a good idea. "Second, how did you even know anything happened?" Parvati gave her a sly look. "I put two and twelve together." Hermione kept glaring and folded her arms. "I'm a journalist. It's what I do. You went to dinner with him and after that, every time someone mentioned him, you deflected." Parvati leaned close and whispered, "Was it terrible?" "Pansy, tell herÑ" Hermione found the other witch waiting eagerly for an answer as well. "Nevermind. Who else is on their way?" "Weasley will be late. She's delivering the kids to the Burrow because Potter's working late and Luna's coming. Daphne is working, Padma and Susan are still at the hospital." Suddenly, Parvati remembered something. "Pansy, weren't you supposed to invite Cho?" "Oops, I forgot." Pansy covered her fake gasp. "What a shame. Such a pity." Hermione snorted while Parvati rolled her eyes before sweeping her long wavy curls over her shoulders. "So why did you call the emergency dinner?" "Today was my first day with Narcissa Malfoy." Pansy perked up. Parvati cringed. "You should start off with the Russian vodka." "How did it go?" Pansy asked. "As well as it could. There's the part where Malfoy isÑ" "Oh fuck, you've seen him?" Parvati squealed and clapped her hands as she bounced in her seat, garnering attention from the man at the bar who eyed her appreciatively. "He's fit as fuck, yeah?" Parvati nudged her in the shoulder. "I need all the details." It took every shred of effort for Pansy to keep her opinion to herself, but she remained quiet. "All the details fall under the Patient-Healer Confidentiality Agreement andÑ" "Not about your job! About him! Was he not as climbable as I said?" "That's quite literally not the point, Parvati." Pansy nudged one of the shot glasses in her direction and Hermione drank it in one go, bearing the burn with a tight grimace. She'd never been one for hard liquor, but today it was warranted. "Malfoy was a bit intense." An understatement. There were less intense natural disasters. Parvati sipped on the fruity monstrosity, paying close attention, while Hermione rubbed the side of her neck. "I don't remember him being like that. A tosser, yes, but he'sÑ" "You weren't the only one changed by life and circumstances, Granger. I think it's safe to say Draco has a lot to contend with, in addition to the heavy weight of responsibilities and expectations being piled on him." "I understand, butÑ" "We all cope in different ways. Draco's is to bear it in silence, completely alone." "That's not coping, that's avoiding." "That's Draco." There was a sigh to her right that sounded like an infatuated schoolgirl. "Uneasy lies the head that wears the crownÉ or whatever Padma says whenever she's feeling maudlin." Parvati snapped her fingers. "Damn, I should have used that line for his feature!" Hermione rolled her eyes as Pansy tossed back the second shot. If she felt the burn, she didn't show it. "Nice quote, but Draco is no king," Pansy said. No, he was just one man. The greatest wisdom is seeing through appearances. Atisa Chapter End Notes A/N: Draco and Hermione in this story will clash and reassess, they will make progress and have setbacks, they will make unpopular decisions that a reader might not make themselves because we don't all think the same way, and it's a matter of perspective. Hermione has a different perspective. I drew her characterization from who she might become based on book canon (not so much movie canon as she has no Mudblood scar) and the circumstances that occur prior to this story's start. Trauma changes people and it takes different forms. It might make someone reassess their life choices but also may make someone brazen more of an overthinker to avoid repeat errors. Anyway, I loved writing Draco here and being the first person to truly make Hermione go, "well shit. I'm wrong." Now is it going to be a 180 turnaround immediately? No, because people don't do that. Change is a slow process these two flawed characters will both undergo as this story unfolds. Embedded art by art by Jaxx-in-a-box [ Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Art for this chapter: Draco reading the paper by dragonlyart & & Draco Portrait by kikorenart & Hermione in the Greenhouse by animusdiscidium Chapter 7: The Art of Compromise Seven The Art of Compromise May 11, 2011 Time passed like it always did: slow and surreal, yet in a rush. A complete contradiction. A constant presence that was never staticÉ Before Hermione knew it, four weeks had passed since she'd begun caring for Narcissa. Yet, she found herself right back where everything had started. Sitting in Theo's office. It was her first status meeting. This was not something Hermione did with every patient, but this assignment warranted the appointment that had appeared in her Magi-Scheduler that morning. They sat on the sofa instead of at his desk, and sipped lemon ginger green teaÑhis first cup, her third. His eyebrow quirked, but he wisely remained quiet. The silence was foreboding; the proverbial calm before the storm. Hermione was ready to drown them both in the sheer volume of words she needed to say. The remaining twenty-six minutes wouldn't be enough. Theo must have felt her glare, must have heard her mental diatribe, because he was about to take another sip when he sighed like Hermione's energy alone had disrupted his peace. He placed his teacup on the glass table, which made Hermione gulp hers down, ignoring the burning combination of hot water and ginger. Her agitation seared hotter. But she tried to hide it. Her mood was a disagreeable companion that had followed her for weeks, a shadow that grew longer and more distorted as the days went on. "How have the first thirty days of your latest assignment been?" The question was followed by an almost wincing pause. "Feel free to be honest." "I quit." Theo had no reaction. "You don't mean that." "I don't, but I feel better now that I've said it out loud instead of in my head." Three hundred and nineteen timesÉ for a myriad of reasons. Theo's expression was calm and neutral, reminding Hermione of how she interacted with a patient to earn their trust. "Talk to me, Hermione." He had the gall to look handsome in his sincerity. It made her scoff. Loudly. "You sound like my therapist." Theo casually leaned back on the sofa, legs crossed, making himself comfortable. Hermione hated both the attractive sight he made in burgundy trousers and the continued sentiment of his next words. "I was hoping to sound like a friend." "A friend wouldn't have sent me into battle with the wrong weapon. You gave me a butter knife when I needed a blowtorch. And an army." For all his posturing, he didn't look the least bit apologetic. He looked interested. Far more than usual. "I've not seen you this rattled beforeÉ Intriguing." "Are you serious? This isn't the time for one of your little tests." "I don't test you for my own amusement, it's mainly for your self-improvement." That made her argument fall limp before the finish line. "You're excellent at your job, but I've wanted to pull you from your comfort zone for quite some time now. I've also always wondered what an immovable force and an unstoppable object meeting would actually look like. I didn't think it would happen quite like it has. Apparently I'm overdue for a surprise." "Not the time, Theo." "I don't feel you entered into this with reasonable expectations for yourself." Lacing his fingers together, he spoke slowly, despite the metaphorical steam coming from her ears. "Did you think it would be so simple?" Hermione opened her mouth once, twice, but nothing came out, then a third for good measure before shutting it for lack of a complete answer. No? But also yes? Slightly? Okay, perhaps she'd taken an arrogant approach to the assignment. Recollection brought her past thoughts of keeping out the storm into sharper focus. Her high hopes of figuring out a balance with Narcissa, an alliance with Malfoy regarding her future safety plans and preparation, and the possible levelling of her symptoms. She was no closer to any of those goals now than she had been a month prior. Hermione needed a different plan. One that got her closer, but doing so risked her ability to remain disconnected and neutral. It would test her ability to not speak her peace about every aspect of Narcissa's life that didn't involve her direct care. The problems she'd seen. The growing flamesÉ The fire-warped pieces of Narcissa's life made Hermione uncomfortableÉ But it wasn't her job to fix them. It was Narcissa's job to use the time she was given wisely. Dramatic changes weren't completely unthinkable, yet a thirty-day objective with a family like the Malfoys meant her goals had been impossible at best from the start. And now that Hermione had time to think, she realised her frustration had less to do with the source of her discontent, and more to do with herself. And the fact that she hadn't made much progressÑon any front. The Malfoys were still a secretly broken family at the top echelon of a society that praised them for their unity during the most difficult times. Ironic. "I'll take your silence to mean that by now you've discovered the situation isÉ complicated. As is the family." "Complicated?" Hermione baulked. "They're painful. Malfoy isÉ I have no idea. I'm pretty certain I see him more than anyone." Theo's brow lifted in silent query, but Hermione only shrugged in response. Malfoy left before either his mother or Scorpius came down and was still gone when Hermione departed each evening. "Narcissa's results have also been strange from the start." "So I've seen from what you sent over." "You had time to look?" Theo didn't respond butÑoh right, his strange attachment to this case. Hermione itched to dissect that more. "She declines sharply in the evenings and overnights are awful. Her sleeping patterns have deteriorated. She's agitated and is beginning to have spells where she wanders to different parts of the house and doesn't remember how she got there. From my understanding, she hardly sleeps, just tosses and turns, which makes her irritable during the day. More than she already is. If she yells at Scorpius' nanny one more time, the poor girl will either cry or quitÉ maybe both." "She was temperamental at dinner with Pansy, Draco, and I last week." Theo winced. "Which was why I asked to see her results and your notes thus far." "Find anything worth mentioning? Anything I haven't already analysed to death?" "No, but I sent a copy over to Charles Smith in Boston. He says you two have been discussing her case for the last month or so. Is that correct?" Yes, they had. In addition to Narcissa's attitudeÑas well as her symptomsÑher episodes of blankness and tremors had not decreased like they should have under her new potions regime. Nothing had increased either, which was the only silver lining. And while there had been several incidents where Narcissa had forgotten her and everyone else, there had only been one incident of accidental magic, when she had Apparated across the room. To everyone's relief, no Splinching had occurred, but it made Hermione desperate to figure out the root cause of her issues. "Yes, we've been in contact," Hermione said. "Have you heard back from him?" "I've scheduled time to discuss it with him tomorrow, should you want to attendÉ" He gave her a look that bordered on amusement. "That is, if you haven't yet quit." Hermione cut her eyes at him. "I absolutely would like to be on the call. Regardless of how I feel, I intend to see this through. There have just beenÉ growing pains." To say the least. The potions should have worked. Narcissa's symptoms should have curbed, and she should have levelled off by now. The fact that they hadn't was a sign that Hermione was missing something important. And that simply would not do. "And Scorpius?" It was an odd question, but she supposed he would want to know about his godson. Narcissa brought him by to see Theo weekly for visits, but that was all she knew. "What about him?" "Merely a question. I don't get much time to see him." "He'sÉ" At the curious tilt of Theo's head, she had a moment of honesty. "I've never met a child like him." She doubted she ever would. Scorpius lived by a routine so unwaveringly strict Hermione could tell time by his entrances and exits. He was keenly observant, more so than even she'd realised. He watched and waited and listened to everything and everyone around him, hyper-focused and anxious in a way that made Hermione uncomfortable to even speak around him. There were many things she had observed, things she had yet to piece together, but the main difference between Scorpius and every child Hermione had known was simple: He was so detached that Narcissa's treatment of him didn't seem to register as anything except normal. So affection-starved that he preened at every moment of kindness, no matter how small or mundane. So lonely it was almost painful to watch him day in and day out. And the worst part was the sadness just under the surface of each of his actions. It was indescribable, chilling, and unmistakable, yet not acknowledgedÑby anyone. There must have been something open about her expression, honest even. It hadn't been intentional, but it made Theo heave a sigh. "You've seen it then." "What?" "His misery." The terribly penetrating power of his statement made Hermione suck in a breath, trying to fight the growing feelings of unease with what was undoubtedly her best weapon: pure logic. "He's not my patient." Theo's look deepened, probing until Hermione allowed her eyes to slide towards the door with the quiet hope that someone would interrupt. But no one did. "Per my own rules and conditions, the only way I can do this job effectively is if I remain detached, unaffected, and objective. I am trying hard to do just that." She turned accusatory eyes on him. "If you've seen it, then you do something about it." "I've tried. I'm trying." It was the most emotional she had heard him, which stunned her into perfect silence. "Narcissa thinks she is doing the right thing and Draco isÉ" Theo never finished. He didn't need to. Malfoy wasn't there. Knowing what she knew now, she wished she would have paid more attention during her chat with Daphne over pie. ButÑ She tilted her head, focusing on Theo as fragments of thoughts and ideas gathered. The more Hermione pondered over it, the more pieces fit. The assignment request. The personal nature of Theo's involvement. Yes, it had to do with Narcissa and Malfoy, but the key to unlocking the man before her was small and at the mercy of the adults in his life. "It's Scorpius, isn't it? The reason you're so invested in her care, I mean." His face cooled into his default visage of powerful omniscience, but Hermione knew she had read him correctly. Theo uncrossed his legs and picked up his still-steaming teacup, taking a long drink to finish it out. "He is my godson. Draco and I have known each other since childhood." "Known, you say, but you weren't friends. Or, at least, I don't remember you being close. Not like Crabbe and Goyle, or even Blaise." She could tell he wasn't being completely truthful. "Malfoy isÑ" "Not the same as he was." "I know." That much had been obvious since before he'd first said her name. While his mother had been the cause of Hermione's mounting frustration, and the reason for her late nights of books and research and transatlantic Floo calls, Draco Malfoy had become the source of her endless questions and curiosity. He was a confusing presence and Hermione couldn't determine which version of him was real and which one was for displayÑa facade he wore to remind her (and everyone else) who he was supposed to be. A massive prat. "You can't understand the son without understanding the father," Theo said. Hermione wasn't trying to do either beyond the scope of her job. The son wasÑwell, that was a slippery slope indeed. And the father was someone that didn't fit the realm of her current comprehension. "I'm trying to remain impartial, Theo. I only wish to understand him enough to secure his cooperation. That's all I need." "Tell me then, how are your attempts working for you?" Hermione wasn't certain how to answer that question. Malfoy hadn't spoken to her much after their first face-offs, which had been expected. But that didn't stop Hermione from greeting him each morning and trying to start a conversation. Initially, there had been sincere attempts to earn his cooperation, and figure out the reason behind the riftÑafter all, he was always there when she arrived. After days of little success, it shifted into speaking to him out of sheer stubbornness and a mounting curiosity about a man who completed puzzles with a pen, didn't seem to sleep much (given his long hours), yet still got up early enough to ensure he left a note for Scorpius each morning. Draco Malfoy was a man who went about his day so deliberately it seemed like he was purposefully avoiding his family. His problems. Like a cliff on the edge of the sea, he met each crashing wave of her attempts at gathering information with silence stronger than scrutinising looks and strange facial expressions she didn't know him well enough to identify. But that randomly changed eight days into her assignment. Malfoy hadn't been there when she'd arrived. Uncommon, but not too strange. The minutes had ticked on. Five. Ten. Fifteen. Twenty minutes had passed before he rushed in with no paper or crossword. His tie had been undone, hair barely dry. Hermione had been in the middle of making breakfast, but was able to gather that he'd lost track of time while swimming in the pool Hermione still hadn't seen. Uncharacteristically flustered and disorganised, he swore about how nothing was where it belonged, his scheduleÑand dayÑin ruins. Hermione's reaction had been instinct. She'd stopped and helped. Fixing his tie with a flick of her wand and packing breakfast and tea for him before sending him on his way. Malfoy had been halfway out the door when they'd both suddenly realised what the hell had just transpired. But then Malfoy surprised her with just two words before he left: Thank you. After that, Hermione couldn't say things were good, but he stopped ignoring her presence and started engaging, in his own frustrating way, by answering her questions with terse responses of his own. One sentence. Then two. Theo interrupted her reverie. "You didn't answer the question." "Hm?" Hermione had been so caught up analysing Malfoy's every move for the umpteenth time that she'd forgotten what Theo had said. "How are your attempts working for you?" "Oh well, I'm not certain how to answer it. I can't say that they're working at all, truth be told, but Malfoy's spoken to me a few times in the last couple of weeks." Somewhat. Sort of. Conversation had been stilted, firmly rooted in extremely mundane subjects that carried no risk. Malfoy never initiated these engagements, only responded, and Hermione found herself initially attempting to tailor her attempts at conversation to things he might enjoy. Quidditch had been her first attempt, but Malfoy had struck that topic down. "You don't care for Quidditch. Don't waste my time. Or yours." So, Hermione hadn't. Instead, she'd taken one look at his paper and mentioned the ineptitude of reporting in the front-page article about yet another Ministry achievement, calling it the "the embodiment of propaganda." When Malfoy hummed his agreement, she'd found herself intrigued. In the days that had followed, Hermione picked topics that were easy to gather from the parts of the paper she could see: The debate regarding the removal of the Statute of Secrecy. His response: "Never going to happen. Also idiotic." Lowering the age of the removal of The Trace to sixteen. His response: "I would argue for raising it." An article noting the rise of sales on defensive items following the Death Eater attack in March. His response: "Potter hasn't given up his belief that Mathers is alive. He's probably dead." But when Hermione voiced her opinion about the possibility of a third wizarding war, Malfoy's response had been the first complete one yet. "Those with the most power don't want peace. There's no profit in it. Peace would level out the balance of power and turn the public's attention to things that matter, such as why the Wizengamot hasn't restored power to the Minister after the agreed upon ten years." It was a true and perceptive statement, and had momentarily left her speechless. It made Hermione want to sift through his mind for whatever gems she could find. Thoughts. Opinions. Ideas. Observations. After that morning, their dialogues had morphed into chats that became less about what she could find and more about his thoughts on various topics. They began to do nothing more than talk for the sake of it. Which wasÉ unexpected. Each conversation was like opening a different box, and Hermione never knew what was going to be inside. She knew she had the option not to open it, but she did so anyway. Magical theory. History. Arithmancy. Charms. Malfoy picked her brain about the fact that she brewed potions, and she discovered his quiet passion for the subject after a lengthy argument about copper cauldrons versus brass for brewing Dreamless Sleep. And when he started bringing up Muggle topicsÑLiterature, Science Fiction, PhysicsÑ Hermione pretended not to look surprised. But she was. Some days were like pulling teeth. Others were easier. He would mostly engage, showing hints of something more than apathy, until he'd inevitably realise what he was doing and shut down. But Malfoy consistently argued against each of her points and rose up to challenge every statement. He didn't always win. But neither did she. And that wasÉ different. Oddly refreshing, but baffling nonetheless. Conversation was more than a sum of words, more than communication and the exchange of information. Hermione had always found it easier to understand and relate to people when she just talked to them, but with Malfoy the opposite was true. Each conversation left her more puzzled than before, less about his interests and opinions, and more about the ins and outs of who he was. His identity. May 13, 2011 It couldn't be considered paranoia if it was real. Hermione stepped out of the Floo Bank in the Ministry on a busy Wednesday afternoon, walking alongside other people into the bustling Atrium. True visitors drifted to the sides for their wands to be checked, but Hermione kept walking, all while feeling eyes on her. In most cases, they only looked because she was famous and rarely seen in public, but Harry's private Floo hadn't worked since he'd become Head of the Auror's Office, and no other Floo was open for her access. So, there she was. A known face in the crowd. In most cases, like the two workers sitting at the fountain who suddenly stopped talking in favour of staring at her before whispering again. The watching was the result of all the rumours surrounding her departure from the Ministry. Or the sprinkle of rumours that had followed ever since, each more absurd than the last. But in one case, she knew it was more than that. The man who watched her had been waiting in the Atrium, and suddenly realised he needed to walk directly behind her. He had been tracking her comings and goings since the Ministry had started sending her job offers three years ago, following her as she went, surely reporting her every move inside the Ministry's walls. Hermione had been aware of his presence, and he knew it, too. It was complicated at best. It felt like a game. Her watcher stepped into the empty space next to her in the queue for the lift. "McLaggen, I'm just having lunch with Harry. What threat do I specifically pose to need you as an escort?" "Technically, since you don't work for the Ministry, you shouldn't be roaming on your own. Especially since you didn't check your wand. My uncle grows more and more restless about the moves being made to unseat him. Your presence would only add to his distress. I am merelyÑ" "Wasting your words on a topic I don't care about." "Funny, my uncle seems to think you know about the movement somehow. Maybe you're involved, maybe you're not. All I know is that he's beginning to question people." Hermione stored that knowledge away for later. "This feels familiar." "Familiar how?" "Like the history we're about to repeat unless things change." "Maybe not. If you decided to return and pledge your allegiance to the MinistryÑ" "You mean to him? No thanks," Hermione said with a flippant twist of her wrist. "Tyrants come in many forms and wear many different masksÉ or ornate robes, I should say." Her words likely went right over Cormac's head. "Not only am I not willing to pledge my allegiance to any man, I'm also not searching for a change in career. I'm happy where I am." Cormac made a small, dismissive noise. "I'd believe you more if I knew you less." "You don't know me at all." She kept her public mask on effortlessly and the irritation that accompanied his presence out of her voice. It would only egg him on and draw more looks than necessary. The next lift arrived and the queue moved, but there still wasn't enough space for her to squeeze on and get away from him. Hermione looked around, searching for a familiar face in the crowd, but saw none. With an internal sigh, she turned to Cormac. Still broad and muscular in a way that fit his frame nicely, he hadn't changed much since Hogwarts. He still had strong features and a smile that could be charming; his dark blonde curls were tamed in a way that most might even consider flattering. Today, instead of his normal neutral colours, he wore plum trousers and a white dress shirt with expensive-looking cufflinks. Robes displaying his high position in the Wizengamot Administration Services were draped over his arm. Unfortunately, all that glittered wasn't gold. It really was a shame that Cormac hadn't grown past his aggressive, arrogant nature. Cormac's shoulder brushed hers, and his voice dropped low enough for her ears only. "I happen to know women like you very well. I can show you how well overÑ" "Do you lurk every day in hopes that I'll turn up at the Ministry, or do you have an actual career?" "Oh, Hermione." She didn't appreciate the pretentious way he said her name; she also didn't like the fact that, for the second time, he brushed her shoulder. Cormac was standing far too close for comfort. "Surely you're aware that I'm set to inherit my uncle's seat on the Wizengamot when he's ousted." When. Cormac knew something was changing, too. The timing of Tiberius McLaggen's appointment to the Wizengamot wasn't important, all that mattered was what had happened in the years since he'd become Chief Warlock. After buying nearly every business in Diagon Alley from desperate owners just looking to survive, heÑ out of the kindness of his own heart, of courseÑturned around and allowed those business owners to rent the stores they'd previously owned for a percentage of their annual sales. It was undoubtedly helpful in the years right after the war, when some shops went days without a single patron and people were still too afraid to return to the normalcy of things like shopping trips and expenditures that weren't strictly necessary. The questionable actions came when, after his appointment as Chief Warlock, he pushed through the major rehabilitation project that poured millions of Ministry Galleons into rebuilding wizarding businessesÉ in Diagon Alley. As businesses recovered and sales climbed, so did their rent. Tiberius McLaggen made millions. Anyone that challenged their rental agreement was quickly shut down. Percy had been quietly checking into the legality of the agreements with his tenants, but he'd run into obstacles. No one who had been privy to Tiberius' unforgiving nature had been eager to cooperate for fear of losing what they'd worked so hard for without a fair fight. Even now, gathering information was a slow processÑmuch like Percy's pet project. While not every member of the Wizengamot was as corrupt as the Chief Warlock, there were just enough members who liked the perks of the current status quo to keep any true change at bay. They were no better than the ones whose vaults were amassing the unethical Galleons. The lift arrived and they filed on with the others. Hermione took a spot in front of Cormac, fully prepared to ignore him like the pest he was. In enclosed spaces, it was a habit for her to observe her surroundings. Her eyes fell on a familiar white-blond head in the front corner by the button panel. Malfoy. One more wizard decided to squeeze on rather than wait for the next lift. Everyone shifted to accommodate. The man in front of her shuffled backwards. Automatically, Hermione tried to move out of his way, but found her back pressed against Cormac's broad chest. It was instinct to apologise, but she stopped herself. Best if she didn't acknowledge him or their current state. Not that it mattered. It was Cormac McLaggen, after all. It wasn't like him to ignore a perfect opportunity. Despite the audience on the now moving lift, he lowered his head, and in a predatory voice whispered, "If I were you, HermioneÉ" His hand ghosted up her arm to push her hair off her shoulder. "I would try a little harder to endear myself. Don't you want me to remember you when I'm in my new position?" "If you touch me one more time, McLaggen, I'll be the scariest thing you've ever seen." Her voice was low, serious enough to make him back off ever so slightly. "Still so feisty. I've always admired that about you." "And you're still an arrogant bastard who will be doing the Wizengamot's legwork for the rest of your miserable life." "I don't see following a beautiful woman around on scheduled visits for lunch with her best friend as a particular hardship." Cormac's voice dropped even lower as he whispered, "More like my pleasure." "This is why you can't keep a wife." His second divorce was playing out nastily in the papers, at least according to the ones she'd lined her chicken coop with last week. "Third time's a charm." Before Hermione could verbalise her disgust or turn around and club him over the head with her beaded bag, the doors opened and a few employees filed out, still absorbed in getting to their destination as quickly as possible. It wasn't the floor where Harry's office was located, but at least with only one man entering the lift, there was now enough space for her to step away from Cormac without bumping into anyone else. She reached for the strap above her head in preparation for the lift to begin moving, then glared daggers at Cormac, who remained in his spot against the back wall. Watching her. Waiting. Like a lion on the prowl. Hermione ignored him in favour of glancing around the crowded lift. She now had a clear visual of Malfoy, who regarded her with an indecipherable expression. It wasn't the first time she'd seen him that day. That honour went to that morning when Malfoy had asked for a cup of whatever tea she had been drinking: a fruity mint mixture she'd concocted for Narcissa. He drank it with zero complaints. The front page this morning had featured the Death Eater sightings in Wales. Hermione had asked a standard question to start: "Do the Task Force and Auror's Office have enough to properly investigate?" "Not particularly, Potter has a spare team that has just arrived back from an assignment that he'll be forced to send. I just returned this morning actually and will be taking a Portkey back this evening to return, once again, the following morning." She hadn't been able to stop her next question: "Do you sleep?" And that had promptly ended their conversation. Now his probing look between her and Cormac was even stranger. As far as Hermione was concerned, the extent of his curiosity regarding her began and ended with why she'd taken on his mother as a patient. He'd reserved his high irritation when she looked on while he worked on his crossword. Finally, the doors to the lift opened on Harry's floor and more people filed out. And if Hermione whispered a Trip Jinx that left Cormac a sprawled mess on the floor of the liftÉ Well, that was between her and anyone who noticed. The gates shut and the lift left with Cormac yelling something on his way to whichever floor the lift would stop at next. Feeling proud of herself, and with a smile on her face, Hermione took two steps in the direction of Harry's office, then remembered that someone had noticed. And that someone happened to have longer legs, which allowed him to fall in step alongside her with relative ease. "Lover's quarrel?" Malfoy's voice was as dry as it was posh. It made Hermione's hair stand on end. Along with her nerves. "Excuse me?" "McLaggen," he said. Face drawn, his expression fell somewhere between grudgingly curious and outright annoyedÑtwo emotions that didn't belong on the same scale. "I saw you two on theÑ" "That pompous wanker is notÑI repeat, notÑmy lover in any definition of the word," she seethed with such strong vehemence she nearly missed the tiny stutter in his step. "Cormac wouldn't know how to love anyone other than himself if someone gave him a map and a guide." There was a short pause. "Ah, well, excuse me." Malfoy calmly turned and went in the opposite direction. Unspeakably baffled, Hermione watched him go. "What the hellÉ" She shook it off, chalked it up to him being Malfoy, and followed the path into the controlled chaos of the ever-busy Department of Magical Law Enforcement. Pointedly ignoring the eyes and whispers that followed her presence, Hermione forced herself not to look down until she found herself at the door to the Auror's Office. Greeted by a nearly empty office, she guessed most Aurors were on assignment or lunch at that part of the day. Only a handful were at their desks doing paperwork, not paying attention to the new person in the room. The only person who paid her any mind was the secretary, Deloris, an older witch with greying black hair who always wore purple robes. "Miss Granger, it's lovely to see you." Deloris was like the office mother. She brought a meal for everyone at least once a week and even baked cookies every Friday. Like most secretaries, she knew everything that happened in the Ministry, all the rumours, both significant and dull. Hermione had told Harry when he'd been appointed Head Auror that he should always stop and listen to anything she had to say, including the latest gossip. She was more informative than the Prophet. "Lovely to see you as well, Deloris." "How's your gardening, love?" "By next visit, I should have strawberries, gooseberries, peas, broad beans, and more for you." "That sounds lovely. Make sure to bring extras so I can make you some jam." Deloris made the best jam. Last summer, she'd brought Hermione several jars from the extra fruit she'd given herÑshe and Al had only eaten toast and their jam of the day for breakfast during his visits for months. Hermione was already looking forward to this year. "I can't wait. Oh!" She opened her beaded bag, and reached deep until she found what she was looking for. "I brought you more salve for your husband's knee and your pain potion, as well." Deloris had been hit with a dark spell while protecting her Muggle-born husband from Snatchers during the war. St Mungo's hadn't been much help, outside of healing the immediate damage, which had led to years of her suffering in silence. Harry had asked for Hermione's help. After research, she'd found success in an obscure plant that boosted the potency of the regular pain potion. Deloris only needed one drop. Hermione handed the witch the vial and a tin canister of salve. "Thank you so much." Deloris graciously accepted her offerings. "You really should let me pay you." Hermione shook her head. That wasn't why she did it. "It's no trouble at all. Keep looking out for Harry, that's all I ask." Speaking of her best friendÉ "Is he busy?" "He's just returned from his meeting with Hestia and Mr Malfoy regarding the canvassing team they need for that unfortunate bit happening in Wales. He's also tied up with staffing for the raid that no one is talking about." The two women exchanged knowing looks and matching eye rolls. Hermione was more worried about the almost open secret getting too far out and failing, but didn't share those concerns with Deloris. "Has Harry eaten?" "No, even though I told him he should. He's had an incredibly busy day, and his afternoon is completely booked. He has another private meeting with Mr Malfoy in fifteen minutes." Ah, one of their strategy meetings. "I brought him lunch." She held up her beaded bag. "Is he doing anything right now?" "Paperwork." "Ah, the bane of his existence." Deloris smirked. "Too right you are." "Better go save him then." The older witch grinned, shooing her along. Hermione gave her a fond look before walking past her desk and knocking on the closed office door with Harry's name and title etched in the gold plaque. The heavy door opened with a creak that Magical Maintenance had yet to fix. Harry's office, as always, was a minimalistic mess. She never could figure out how that was possible, but it was. He didn't have much: a few books, important keepsakes, and framed pictures of Ginny and the children. Nothing on the walls. Simple. In the corner was a rack of hangers with jackets and robes on them. The newest addition was a table in the centre of the room with what looked like a map covered in different coloured pins strategically spread across the full length of it. Even with few things, though, it was in a perpetual state of disarray. Nothing was ever organised, and he had a ton of paperwork stacked on his desk at any given time. She spotted her best friend sitting behind a mountain of parchment, scratching away at something she couldn't see. "How can I help you?" Harry asked without looking up. "Well, I'm looking for my best friend, who happens to be The Chosen OneÑ" He looked up and laughed, glancing at his gold watch as Hermione approached. "Blimey, is it one already?" She placed her beaded bag on the desk and opened it up, pulling out a simple lunch of roasted chicken sandwiches stuffed with tomatoes, cheese, cucumbers, and romaine lettuce. Hermione made sure to pack some oven-roasted potato wedges along with cold cans of VimtoÑ blackcurrant because that was their favourite. "Yes, I just finished with Narcissa's lunch potions and she's overseeing her grandson's lessons." More like making suggestions and lesson plan changes. She'd be tied up at least until dinner, when she was sure to sharply decline and get irritable. Narcissa could be downright mean towards Scorpius' nanny, who was understandably stressed at all times. His tutor wasn't much better, but he remained in Narcissa's good graces as he was the traditional sort she respected. Harry moved the parchment aside, giving her and their lunch his full attention. "How is that going?" "Interesting. They'reÉ a lot. It's different than I expected." "How so?" Hermione let out a breath that turned into a chuckle as she made a series of exaggerated hand gestures to emphasise each word. "I can't possibly list it all during the fifteen minutes I have between now and your strategy meeting with Malfoy. We'll have to talk about it another time." "One sentence then." "She's the most infuriating patient I've ever had." He laughed. "She's your Draco Malfoy, then." "I suppose so. I often forget she's even sick." Until the evenings and nights remind her. Hermione pursed her lips, deep in thought. "Ever felt like you were missing something that was staring you in the face?" "All the time." Hermione chuckled. "That's how I feel about Narcissa's treatment. The nights are rough to the point where I've considered staying." "At Malfoy's house?" "Yes, just until I figure out what's wrong with her evening potions." "Well, you won't have to worry about Malfoy much. He'll be in Wales coordinating the sweep where the Death Eaters were spotted. He thinks there may be a hideout nearby." She stabbed one of the potatoes with her fork and brought it to her mouth while Harry bit into his sandwich. "Does he actually sleep?" "How should I know? I imagine he gets some sort of sleep. Has to or he'd be more insufferable than he already is." That seemed doubtful; hard evidence pointed to the opposite. Perhaps he wasÑ "Enough about him. I'll be seeing him soon enough." A quick frown expressed Harry's distaste, but it was followed by a wiggling of his eyebrows. "Have you had any interesting conversations with his mother lately?" "She hasn't said anything particularly rude since she tried to give me advice." She emphasised the last word with air quotes, her fork still in hand. Harry laughed almost as hard as he had the first time she'd told him the story. "She's been busy with society activities and her grandson's lessons. We haven't had a chance to speak much. Well, outside of her complaints about each meal before she takes a bite and finds it remarkably palatable," Hermione mocked in a poor imitation of Narcissa's voice. "Sounds like a compliment to me." "Honestly it's the closest I might ever get. She'd rather walk on the surface of the sun than admit she likes my primitive cooking." Snorting in response, Harry took a sip of his drink. "And before he gets here, what about Malfoy? Is he the model son? Does he call you incompetent and argue about the best way to care for his mother because surely only he knows best?" "ActuallyÉ no." Malfoy was incredibly hard to pin down. Distrustful and private, aloof and sarcastic, astute and defensive. He was more perceptive of the world around him than she'd expected from someone who grew up believing he was the centre of it. Malfoy didn't fit the image that Harry, himself, had put into her mind. Maybe he acted differently around Harry. Maybe Harry had the same effect on Malfoy as the reverse. Hermione had no idea. "He doesn't want to be involved in any aspect of her care. Not now or as she worsens. I've no idea why." Harry's smirk faded. "That's surprisingÉ I've always thought they were close. Narcissa's letters practically sung his praises." "Either she's extremely deluded or blatantly lying to cover up the rift, but it's there. Loud. Granted, I haven't seen them in the same room together since the first day, but it's awfully tense." "I'm shocked, really. I mean, he seemed disillusioned with his father during his trial, but he never let go of his mother's hand." Hermione had her own vague memories of the day, now scattered by time and her own life events that occurred in the years between. The Malfoys had always seemed like a complicated, yet tight-knit family. Appearances were often deceiving. "They aren't close." Hermione finally picked up her sandwich. "Their dynamic is strange. I don't know how anyone can stand itÑhow I stand it." "I mean, it's not like we sit and chat like old friends." Harry snorted as if the thought were utterly inconceivable. "But they've had a death in the family in the last six months. Deloris told me of the rumours going around. Apparently, he'll be married again within the year, should his mother have her way." Hermione winced, but took another bite, her mouth suddenly dry. "Might be a source of contention, but I doubt it." Harry gave a lazy shrug. "Ginny says the Malfoys are all about fulfilling their duty to family over self; it's practically etched in stone on some ancient rock somewhere." She sipped her drink, nodding along even though she should have been laughing at Harry's joke. He sobered after finishing his potatoes. "I wasn't working directly with him at the time. They had me doing a lot of public appearances before my promotion, but he was gone for weeks after his wife died. When he returned he was just as"ÑHarry waved his handÑ"Malfoy-ish as usual. Nothing out of the ordinary." As she continued eating, Hermione sorted through the mental data. She recognised the division between the adults as something she would have to address as Narcissa worsened. Who would make important decisions for her? Draco? Yes, but would he give a damn to make the right decision for her? No was looking like the most accurate answer. What safeguards could she employ to ensure the older witch's safety? There would be legal documents and aspects that absolutely required Malfoy's cooperation. He would have toÑ Hermione took a deep breath. She couldn't let herself follow that train of thought, not when another was far more complicatedÉ Scorpius. He was none of her business, but Hermione noticed the dynamic between Malfoy and Narcissa as it pertained to the boy's care. Malfoy was diligent whenever Scorpius wasn't around. He listened intently to status reports from Zippy and Catherine, set his place at the table, and left notes that Scorpius clung to. But it was Narcissa overseeing her grandson's complicated daily schedule, which was packed enough to give Hermione Third Year flashbacks. It was Narcissa who made sure he sat up straight, was polite, and trainedÑa word that still made her shudder. She treated him so unlike she'd treated Malfoy during their years at school that it was almost beyond belief. With her rules and regulations, it was a wonder she hadn't burned the curiosity out of Scorpius. Remarkably, she hadn't, but The Malfoys were a topic better left for another day. Preferably one when they could chat over a fruity wine Harry would never admit to enjoying. "Something else that's strange?" Harry pointed out. "No McLaggen. He usually follows you here." A smug grin curled the edges of Hermione's lips. "Wandless Trip Jinx in the lift." "Nice. I suppose that's why you won't accept the security detail, then. Theo told me." Of course he had. "Honestly, Harry, you know me better than that. I can take care of myself." "Trust me, I'm aware, but they're getting closer to us than I'd like. A threat came to James' school." Hermione's heart stuttered. That really was too close. At her wince, he sighed, looking far wearier than anyone should at their age. "No one was hurt. The teams came in and did a sweep, but found nothing. Ginny and I are beginning to wonder if we need to move schoolsÉ or possibly send James to a wizarding primary school, which would be more equipped to handle the threat of Death Eaters, should they attack. Molly thinks we should pull them all out and let her home-school them." The look on his face said that would be a last resort. "Are you looking into private security for the children?" "A pair at each school." Harry nodded. "Malfoy gave me the name of the company he hired to watch his family." She raised an inquiring brow. "You two managed to have a conversation long enough to get to that point?" "I just asked. When I mentioned it was for my kids, he didn't hesitate. I'm serious though, Hermione, I think you should consider it." "As I told Theo, I am my own security." Harry's expression turned serious. "You don't have to be." They finished eating, packed the glass containers back in her bag, and were busy arranging Al's weekend visit when there was a distinctive knock on the door. Two quick taps. A pause. Then a single knock. Harry took a calm, cleansing breath. He knew exactly who it was. "Malfoy." With a wave of his hand, Harry's office door creaked open, and the confirmation of his statement stood there like a brooding statue. His arms were even folded as his eyes cut back and forth between them. "Come in." Malfoy entered the office as Hermione stood to leave, grabbing her bag off his desk. Tucking her hair behind her ear, she felt the mood in the office shift with the new addition, turning from friendly to something far chillier. Both had serious expressions on their faces, prepared to work. Or battle. Likely both. Malfoy approached Harry's desk, stopping just at the edge. He didn't even try to hide his contempt with the subtle glance at the mess. "Potter." He didn't spit his name like he used to, but it still made Hermione shift uncomfortably. His tone was dry yet polite, the product of someone who'd spent years entrenched in 'proper' society. Then grey eyes cut to her. "We meet again, Granger." Harry's mouthed 'again?' "We saw each other in the lift with McLaggen." "Ah." They stood in awkward silence, each of them looking everywhere to avoid looking at each other. Hermione clasped her hands together. "Well, I'll leave you both to it." She silently wished Harry all the luck in the world when he scratched his scar, not because it itched, simply a force of habit. Something he only did when supremely uncomfortable. Given the awkward energy, his feelings made sense. Hermione looked from Harry to Malfoy, who was regarding her with a potent yet slightly bemused expression. Then he huffed and glared at Harry. "You didn't ask her, did you?" "Ask me what?" What Hermione hated mostÑwell, after tardiness, laziness, and mouth-breathingÑwas being the last to know anything. Especially if it pertained to her. Harry patted down his messy, dark hair and rubbed the back of his neck. Guilty. "We're developing a strategy for the raid and need a third party's opinion." "What about Ron?" The moment it escaped, she immediately reconsidered. "Are you serious?" Malfoy drawled. "Weasley's idea of foresight is putting his socks on before his shoes." Hermione found herself suspended in a state of disbelief. Not that he was the most amiable person, but at least Malfoy tried to hold his tongue in his own home. There was also the small part that whispered that he was the same person who left notes for Scorpius and had politely asked for tea that very morning. It felt like whiplash. Harry's infamous temper flared in defence of Ron, Malfoy responded, and soon snide comments were flying back and forth. Before it escalated into unprofessional insults, Hermione stepped in. "I actually have better things to do than listen to you squabble like children." She glared at them both. "If we could please get on with it, I'd appreciate it. Harry, stop letting Malfoy regress you fifteen years, it's ridiculous." The anger in her friend's eyes died when he finally realised how immature he was acting. His cheeks flushed. One down. Hermione shifted her weight from one foot to another before facing her last obstacle between them all and peace. "And Malfoy." His expression was stoic defiance. "We all know and remember quite clearly that you're a massive prat. There's no need to remind us by posturing. No one needs that kind of energy on a team, especially not when there's so much on the line. You both have common goals. Remember that." As if she'd slapped him, he visibly recoiled, taking a full step back before remembering himself. "Oh, and just so you know, Ron's probably a better strategist than I am. In some respects, at least. But Harry was right not to ask him because he'll side with Harry out of spite. I won't." She unfolded her arms, resting them on her hips. "Don't judge what you don't know." While Harry was chastened, Malfoy's glare only intensified at the call back from their first full conversation. But she honestly didn't care as she stepped forward, closer to him, meeting his opposition with a scowl. "Remember, Malfoy, you two have a bigger fight ahead than the one against each other. It doesn't just involve your jobs. It doesn't involve just you as individuals. It involves your families, too." She didn't miss that small tick in his jaw or the way he seemed to reset. Exhale. Refocus. "Now, are you both finished?" Malfoy acquiesced with a subtle nod. Harry's agreement, on the other hand, was crystal clear. "If you have any other suggestions for candidates, I'll gladly step aside as I want as little to do with the Ministry as possible. At least in its current state." There was a long pause while they waited for the last person in the room to get on board. They didn't have to wait long. "Since you're already here, I suppose you'll do." Malfoy's tone regained its professional edge. "Shall we?" "Is there a blueprint of the Lestrange Manor where the raid will take place?" Hermione asked. "There." Malfoy gestured to the table in the centre of the room. "The only uncluttered surface in Potter's office." His comment wasn't critical or hostile, merely matter-of-fact. So much so that Harry only shrugged in response. They gathered around the table, looking down at the blueprint that had pins colour-coded for a particular purposeÑHarry and Hermione on one side, Malfoy on the other. Malfoy began with a sweeping gesture. "This particular Lestrange Manor hasn't been occupied for at least fifty years, but it's complicated and likely has traps. Its wards can only be taken down by someone of Lestrange blood, but after speaking to several experts, I've found that there's a way to trick the wards." "Really?" That was fascinating. Impressive, really. Apparently he hadn't shared any of that with Harry. "Is it possible to trick a ward?" The look on Malfoy's face spoke volumes, namely that Harry was too stupid to live. "Yes, it is when the wards are old and very specific, weaved into blood magic. The Manor's wards were specific like that untilÑ" Cursed fire that never burned out. "How does it work?" Hermione asked. "It's astoundingly simple." Malfoy reached across the table to fix one of the pins. The action caused his cuff to rise higher than usual. The movement wasn't noteworthy, except that it teased something she never expected to see on a man who wore black like a second skin. It wasn't just the tattooÑa very large, scaly tattoo, from the looks of itÑthat wrapped around his wrist and disappeared under his suit. Yes. Okay. That was highly unexpected. But what caught her attention was the colour. Burgundy red and burnt orange and a hint of deep green flashed in her field of vision before Malfoy righted himself. Hermione looked away when his scrutinous gaze settled on her, daring her to say something, but she didn't accept the bait. "From my inquiry and research, it seems that the Ward Specialist has to be, at the very least, a pureblood." Malfoy's briefly looked over to Harry. "I happen to have found one you both know and trust. Ernie Macmillan. He primarily works on wards for businesses, but he knows how to do it because his family's estate has similar wards. He's already agreed to the job." Hermione recalled Harry's rant about him changing the Ward Specialist, but now it made perfect sense. "Ernie doesn't work for the Ministry, Malfoy, we don't have the budgetÑ" "Technically, he'll be working for me, as I'll be handling his fee." At the surprised look on Harry's face, Malfoy set his jaw. "I thought I made myself clear when I said I was willing to do whatever it takes to end this. Money is no object. Will that be an issue, Potter?" She and Harry exchanged looks but Hermione said nothing. It wasn't her place. Harry compromised with an exhale. "It won't." "Very well then." Malfoy redirected their attention to the blueprint. "According to the mole, the black pin is the meeting location. Red pins are the entrance points, not including windows, of course. Anything else you need to know before making an assessment, Granger?" Hermione looked closer. The room they were meeting in was circular, situated near the centre of the Manor, and it looked like it could pass for a small ballroom. There were four clear entrances into the mansion but five red pins. It looked like there were two doors that served as both entrances and exits. Not much room for escapeÑfor anyone. Which would go either be good or very bad. There was also no telling if there were any sort of traps waiting for them in the house or on the grounds. Hermione bent forward a little, touching the only pin that didn't make sense. A red pin, which meant entrance, but there were no doors leading to the outside. "What is this pin?" "A possible secret entryway," Malfoy replied. "I've confirmed there's a tunnel that runs beneath the house, which stops under this room. I believe there's a way to get into the room from the tunnel." "Ah." She tucked her hair behind her ear, wishing she'd brought something to tie it back. "Harry? Do you have a rubber band?" They looked at his messy desk. "Never mind." Her best friend's smile was sheepish. "I should clear that up." "Undoubtedly." "It's fine." Hermione waved him off. "First, I'd like to hear your strategy, Harry. Then yours, Malfoy." She moved to the head of the table, leaving the other two facing each other. Hermione listened to each plan, following their steps and asking questions while noting that they both had strategies to leverage various advantages to compensate for the lack of manpower. Harry's strategy was reflective of his personality: simple and to the point. Storm in, block all exits, make sure they can't Apparate out. Battle until they surrender. How very Veni, vidi, vici of him. She guessed Harry hadn't considered the secret passageway in his plan because it hadn't been confirmed. Malfoy's plan was clever and careful, far more flexible than Harry's, leaning heavily on strategy to compensate for the lack of experience from most of their fighters. It would be easy enough to adjust for any surprises based on their opponents and circumstances. "So, what do you think?" Harry asked once Malfoy concluded. Hermione asked a few final questions before closing her eyes and mapping it all out in her head. A few minutes later, she had an answer. "Neither." Malfoy gave her a thin, testy look, while her best friend responded with bewilderment. "What?" "Hear me out." She drew their attention to the blueprint. "I think the more optimal strategy would be a combination of the two. A compromise, if you will. Harry's right in needing to pack a decisive and strong blow, but Malfoy's flexible plan would be helpful, should anything go awry at the last minute. Send Teams C and D through the main two entrances along with E, but have Teams A and B come through the secret passage. Your opponents will think they have the upper hand until your very strong Teams A and B attack from behind. Malfoy, have you confirmed the passageway?" "I'm working on that as we speak." She rearranged the placement of the teams to different entrances. "On the off chance that there is no secret passageway, just send Teams A and B as a second, stronger wave. Although less experienced, the three teams should be able to wear your targets down, leading them into a false sense of security, before the elite teams show up. It'sÑ" "Impressive." Malfoy sounded like he meant it, albeit reluctantly. "I didn't do anything except combine both of your ideas. It's something both could have done without my influence." She shrugged, noting the growing interest on Malfoy's face. Had they put forth the effort to work as a team, they would have arrived at the same conclusion. "I can't guarantee it'll work. The best laid plans of mice and menÑ" "Often go awry," Malfoy finished. Their eyes met and she was unable to look away untilÑ A throat cleared. Harry's expression was pensive, but his eyes were cutting back and forth between them, narrowing more with each pass. "What do you think, Harry?" she asked. The question snapped him from his thoughts. "Oh! I think it's brilliant." "It'll likely need adjusting, of course, as we receive more intel," Malfoy added. "I'm sure Potter and I will be able to make the appropriate modifications." It was a solid place to start. "How much time do you have for training?" Hermione replaced the pins representing the two elite teams. "A month, perhaps a little more. Malfoy believes the meeting will take place at the end of Spring." Harry's statement was confirmed by Malfoy's nod. "I know that's not a lot of time, but If we could get everyone together more than once a week, we could run drills and help the ones with the least amount of experience improve. However, we don't have the extra time, space, orÑ" Hermione scoffed. "Since when have you really ever cared about any of that, or even rules?" Malfoy made a small, snarky noise, which caused them both to shoot him matching dirty looks. "You'll have to go about it like in Fifth Year." "Sneaking around to train people? That'sÑ" "Do you have any better suggestions, Malfoy?" Hermione only tilted her head in challenge. When he folded his arms and looked away, she turned back to Harry. "I think this could work. How many people on each team?" "Eight." Harry shrugged when he noticed her cringe. "It was all we could pull together. Hestia tried to appeal for more, to pull more people in off assignment, but the Wizengamot said no. As it stands, the department is already spread thin. The Hit Wizards are at capacity as they've pulled half their ranks for Malfoy's Task Force, Magical Law Enforcement Agents are splitting their time between security for members of the WizengamotÑ" "Wait." Hermione held up a hand. "That's not their job." Malfoy levelled her with a look. "Do you honestly think they give a damn, Granger?" She knew what he was trying to say, but it was inconceivable. "So, they acknowledge the threat of Death Eaters and provide just enough assistance to blame you both should anything bad happen, but they turn around and seek to protect themselves? Wow. That is completely Ñ" "Unsurprising," he drawled. Harry agreed with a nod, then his face twisted like he couldn't believe he'd had a moment of accord with Draco Malfoy. Stranger things had already happened. "How can you do nothing about it?" Hermione knew she sounded every bit as self-righteous as she could muster. "It's a predicament, sure," Harry said. "But there's nothing to be done about it." "There's plenty to be done!" "As much as I despise the very idea of agreeing with Potter, and will never admit to doing this should anyone bring this upÉ he's right. What would you have him do? Take on the entire Wizengamot?" Hermione shrugged. "Not the worst idea you've ever had." "It's short-sighted, Granger, and you know it. They'll sack anyone who steps a toe out of line." Malfoy cast a glance over at Harry. "I don't know about Potter here, but I'm not interested in living the rest of my life looking over my shoulder. I'd rather be on this side, where I have control. I refuse to depend on someone who doesn't have a stake in this to ensure the safety of my family. So, if that means smiling in their faces, spending my own money, and working around the corruption to suit my needs in order to finish this job, then that's what I'll do." Hermione didn't like it, but resigned herself to the fact that Malfoy had a point. His statement tickled at the part of her brain that wanted to say a lot moreÑespecially along the lines of the distance he kept from everyone he sought to protectÑbut Hermione knew that would not go over well. More than any of them, Malfoy would be a sitting duck if not for his current position. It gave him more than control, it gave him a say in what happened and how it would affect him. And she wondered if that had been his purpose in taking the position. Or even starting a career to begin with. He worked for free. "I don't completely disagree with Malfoy," Harry said carefully. "I've sworn to use my position for as much good as possible. We've got forty wizards to take part in a raid that may finally end it all. That's all I can focus on right now. That and making sure I do what I have to in order to keep everyone I care about safe. After? Maybe I'll be able to look towards the fight against corruption, but right now, this is where I am." And no matter how much it grated her just how unfair things were, how insane it was that they had to make that choice, Hermione wasn't self-righteous to the point where she could ignore the logic behind their position or the order of their priorities. They were both more than their jobs. More than childhood enemies. They were men. Fathers. "Okay, since we're concentrating on this, perhaps you could schedule weekly meetings with each team and use those meetings for training. With eight people per team, you both canÑ" Harry interrupted first, "You want me to train people. With Malfoy?" "Why not?" Hermione blinked slowly, trying to figure out if she'd missed something important along the way. "He is an Auror, just not in England." Grey eyes widened before he could guard his expression. "Who the hell told you that?" "A bee." Harry chuckled while Malfoy glared at her even harder. "Is that supposed to be a cipher? A name, Granger. I need a name." "Do you think I'm the sort that would reveal my source?" Stepping around the head of the table, she rested one hand flat against the surface. Malfoy angled his body towards her, arms still folded as he waited for an answer she would never give. "You say you don't want to look over your shoulder forever. What does it matter how I know you went through Auror training? I just do. I just know. Are you going to help or not?" Emboldened when his glare started to recede, she felt her upper hand slip when his head tilted slightly to the left, much like it had in the lift with McLaggen. What was he trying to figure out? "You're especially aggravating when you think you're right," Malfoy said. Harry snorted, which made Hermione glare. "What? You are." Just when Hermione was going to retort, she heard Malfoy sigh. "I'll help. Only to help increase our chances at finishing this job and only if Potter stops being aÑ" "How about you both put your differences aside until this is done, yeah?" she interjected. "I can if he can," Harry said. "Well, I'll leave it to you both to coordinate schedules." With that, Hermione took a step back. "Most of your time should be dedicated to Teams D and E. If you need, I can create training manuals for them." Malfoy's face twisted. "You aren't an Auror." "True, but I am a fighter." "Is that so?" Bemusement quickly crossed his features. "I'm increasingly baffled as to why you'd waste your time as a Healer when you're obviously good at this particular line of work. If things were different with leadership, you would get a lot more recognition doing this than what you're doing now." Harry looked downright shocked at the backhanded compliment, but Hermione wasn't focused on why Malfoy had felt the need to acknowledge her competency; she was hung up on his blind eye to the larger moral dilemma in his statement. "If I wanted recognition, I would have accepted the offers, but I haven't and I won't because I don't. I want to make a difference. And I've learned there's more than one way to do that." She didn't try to decipher his expression; she couldn't read it. "I worked for the Ministry almost as long as I've been a Healer, and I've found it more fulfilling to make a large difference on a small scale rather than to change thousands of lives in a very minimal way." "How noble of you." Malfoy's response was dry. Aloof. Dismissive. "That's the thing, I'm not being noble. I'm not being honourable. I'm just being myself." A knock halted all conversation. Harry opened the door to reveal Percy wearing a grim expression. "Apologies for the interruption, but The Chief Warlock would like to speak to you in his office." "What does he want now?" Harry sighed. "We've answered all his questions. He's obsessed with sussing out any conspiracy against him." Hermione furrowed her brows, recalling her earlier conversation with Cormac. "With power comes paranoia of losing that power." Had she been a jumpy person, Hermione would have had a physical reaction to the fact that Malfoy was now right beside her, but there was only an uptick in her pulse, a cord of tension pulled taut. "What time are we being summoned, Weasley?" There was something about Malfoy's tone thatÑ "He doesn't want to speak to either of you this time." Blue eyes fell on her. She already knew what Percy was going to say next. "He'd like to speak with Hermione." Everything about Tiberius McLaggen's office was ornate and extravagant, ornamented with gold tones and the finest dŽcor she had ever seen in a Ministry office. It was fitting for him: a bit tacky. She stood in front of the exquisitely crafted maple desk decorated with trinkets and expensive clutter that served no purpose except to remind visitors of his status. There was a small, blue, porcelain kettle with steam wafting from the spout next to two matching cups. Hermione kept her attention on the man fully dressed in his Wizengamot regalia. Unnecessary outside of hearings and official events. He hadn't once looked up from his task since his door had opened for her admittance, calmly dipping his peacock quill in ink before scratching sounds filled the silence again. But there were little clues that gave away his true feelings: an impatience that told Hermione his silence was a power play. Unlike last time, she didn't have the advantage. But her experience with waiting out Theo's silences had prepared her for this. Hermione sat on a chair inlaid with patterned blue silk, and padded with matching damask. She kept herself poised and confident and waited with her hands locked on her lap. She learned more from his office than she had from their last conversation. Posturing and power plays. His attitude and brittle impatience. The way he made sure everyone knew who the leader was. Tiberius was doing his own work, which meant Malfoy was right. He wasn't as in control as he wanted everyone to believe; he was scrambling to keep his positionÑhis power. A king shouldn't have to prove who he is. Which made her want to pull Tiberius apart even more. Hermione eyed the row of portraits on the wall to her left, all of whom were watching her closely. Portraits of him in various outfits and poses and backgrounds. The arrogance of it was perversely amusing. Tiberius flipped from parchment to parchment, appearing to sign his name over and over. She could only wonder what he was doing, as she wasn't in the right position to read upside down. Pity. When he placed his quill on the holder next to the inkwell, she knew his impatience had won out. Hermione was ready. "Would you care for a cup of tea, Miss Granger?" "Yes, please." His wandless magic wasn't smooth, but he managed to pour two cups before replacing the kettle on his desk. She picked up one and wrapped her hands around the warming porcelain. The tea was dark enough to warrant the milk he poured into his cup, but she refused. "I bet you are wondering why you were summoned here today, Miss Granger." "The thought crossed my mind once or twice," Hermione replied with a fixed smile, small and anything but genuine. "I would have thought our last conversation would have set the tone and expectations of our future interactions. I don't like surprises any more than I like being summoned." "Apologies for that. I know you're a busy woman with a new assignment thatÑ" "Is frankly none of your business, Chief Warlock." Hermione looked down at the liquid. "As I am admittedly quite busy, I hope you don't mind if we bypass the small talk and get straight to the purpose of your invitation." "Yes, of course. Have you given any additional thought to my last offer?" "No, and I won't explain myself further. I've run out of ways to say no that you will comprehend." "Very well then, Miss Granger. That will be all. You are free to stay and enjoy your tea." Tiberius took a sip and dramatically placed it on the ornamental saucer. "In the interest of you declining my offer yet again, I've been hearing louder whispers aboutÑ" "Is this an official inquiry? Because if so, let me remind you that I'm allowed to have counsel present." She sat straighter. "And if this is indeed a friendly dialogue, I should remind you that the unlawful use of VeritaserumÑsay, outside of an official inquiryÑis a violation of Article Two, Part Three, Subsection D of the Unlawful Use of Potions Act signed into law on DecemberÑ" "Miss Granger, I don't know what you're inferring with your statement." "Your brew is colourless and odourless." Hermione sat the teacup on the desk. "But something I've noticed while brewing Veritaserum is that there's a sheen to it. Just a hint. Only noticeable if you know what to look for." "I assure you I would never do such a thing." "Hmm." Hermione folded her arms. "You wouldn't, but if you were looking to find out information that you were desperate enough to bend the rules for my own greater good to obtainÑperhaps that would be a risk you think you could reasonably take due to your station. I don't need Veritaserum to tell you what I know, because I don't know anything of interest." "But you do know something." "You're right. I know a great deal of things, Chief Warlock." Hermione stood up. "I've heard the public's rumblings. I've heard that there are those working to end the corruption that leads right up the ladder to you. I even know you've begun questioning those who might go against you." Tiberius looked nervous, agitated. "That is enough, MissÑ" "A word of friendly advice: pick your battles wisely or you will end up like your predecessors." She held her hand up when he rose to his feet. "It's well documented that they were more worried about the Ministry's reputation than actual security, that they abused their power to manipulate the media, and knowingly vilified the wrong people to give the facade of progress. In the end, it was their undoing." "Are you threatening me?" "No, but you should worry less about getting me under the Ministry's thumb, less about me playing the role you believe I should play, and less about the push to restore power back to the Minister. Try worrying more about what's happening out there to the people you want to lead so badly. You can interview everyone, dose them to find out whatever truths you seek, but you'll never be able to silence what is right." Hermione started for the door, but turned around. "Change is coming." She smiled. "You can't hide from something that's already begun." Time is on the side of change. Ruth Bader Ginsburg Chapter 8: A Silent Shout Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Eight A Silent Shout May 18, 2011 Narcissa looked like a ghost trapped between two worlds. Shrouded in darkness in the garden at five in the morning, her shadow shimmered against the grass. Cast by the flickering light coming from the lone outdoor lamp, she was highlighted by the moon itself. Her white silk nightgown hung below her knees, and the wind made it flutter like a silent, billowing flag. Her legs were exposed to the chill as her loose blonde curls blew around her shoulders. A robe lay forgotten around her feet. From the sliding glass door, Hermione could see it all. Narcissa's face was slack. Blank. Skin so pale it was almost translucent. Her eyes were milky, completely iced over. She was not present in her own mind. Thanks to early morning research and notes from her and Theo's discussion with Charles regarding possible reasons behind Narcissa's irregular readings, Hermione had been awake when the charmed parchment monitoring her patient's vitals started tremblingÑa sign of trouble. She had been through the Floo in seconds. The sight that had greeted Hermione was not one she expected. Malfoy. He stood facing the glass door, watching his mother with his hands clasped behind his back. Tall and imposing, the only thing that was off about him was something she didn't see until she approached: A bruise was forming on his cheek and he had a black eye. But Hermione didn't spare Malfoy another glance, already retrieving her wand and a potion to sedate her patient from her charmed bag. "How long has she been out there?" "I have no idea. I found her like that when I returned home." Ah, from his overnight work in Wales. She doubted he'd slept. Hermione dug a little deeper, her arm fully submerged in the bag as she rifled around for the last thing she needed. "And how long ago was that?" "Thirty minutes." "Did you tryÑ" "Granger, the state of my face should tell you exactly what I have and have not done." There was an edge to his tone that didn't land easy on her ears. Malfoy's bruised face gave nothing away about how he felt. He took a step back. "This isn't the first time this has happened. I'll leave you to do your job." When he turned, one hand was still behind his back while the other Ñhis rightÑwent to his shoulder, gripping as if trying to massage the tension away. Was he hurt? To his retreating form, she said, "I understand you don't want to be involved, but it's not just my job. It's her life and she's your mother. It would be helpful to know your side of her disease." Malfoy didn't stop, didn't react, vanishing from sight through the paned double doors of the study next to the staircase. The drapes went down and then he was gone, leaving Hermione to contend with Narcissa. Hermione sighed to the empty room, braced herself, and walked out. The predawn air was crisp; the breeze was cooler than she had anticipated, making her feel slightly brittle. In contrast, the grass beneath her feet was soft once she stepped off the cobblestone in her slow approach. There hadn't been many incidents, but enough for Hermione to learn how to handle Narcissa better. She knew to remain calm and keep her responses brief, no sudden movements, knew not to bend to pick up the robe, but use a spellÑwhich she did. Hermione was about to cast a warming charm on the robeÑNarcissa had to be ice coldÑ when the woman turned abruptly. Physically, she was unharmed, but her eyes were still vacant. Lost. Haunted. Her lips were trembling. Not from a fear response, but because she was whispering something under her breath. Hermione couldn't hear. Narcissa blinked a few times, which made Hermione think she was coming out of the episode, but no. She looked far too happy to see Hermione. The smile on Narcissa's face was slow, familiar. Fond. "Meda." Hermione's breath caught. Every shred of logic and research in her head told her that she looked nothing like Andromeda, but that was who Narcissa saw. A ghost from her past and a shade from her present. An image. A mirage. She knew what to do, what she needed to say, but the urge to correct Narcissa was strong. Hermione took a deep breath and went on a trip with her. Back to a time when her life was simpler, her mind was whole, and her sister was at her side. "Cissa," Hermione said affectionately, trying to mimic Andromeda's speech pattern as best as she could. "Are you cold?" She touched her bare arm and realised that no, she wasn't cold. The witch was impossibly warm. A charm. Instinctively, she looked over her shoulder, almost expecting a second presence. There was none. "It's beautiful out." Narcissa lifted her eyes to the sky, her tone light in a way Hermione had never heard from her before. "I think I'll stay. Just a little longer." "It'll be morning soon. You should come inside." Narcissa lowered her head slowly. There was a look that was both inviting and tinged with sadness. She touched Hermione's face with a tenderness that left her incapable of moving, staring into her eyes and stepping closer. "I know you aren't real." Narcissa's voice trembled. "I know you're a hallucination. Like the others." Like the others. The words sent a chill rippling up Hermione's spine. Tears formed at the corners of her eyes. "But I'm glad it's you here now. If only to see you again." Narcissa crumpled, leaving Hermione no option but to pull her close and lower them both to their knees in the grass. Narcissa's pain was loud in the morning's silence. It tugged and squeezed, carved and moulded, applying pressure to her fragile state until she shattered. Listening to her sobs was just as distressing as the knowledge that she likely wouldn't remember this episode. Hermione stroked her hair. "It's okay, I'm here now." An ache clawed at Hermione's chest, a heaviness that kept her from being able to breathe properly. Nothing terrible, just that this memory would stick with her for days. Weeks. Months. Her stomach quivered as she pushed down the swell steadily rising in her throat. This was the human element to an ugly, cruel disease that was unjust and painful to watch. Horrible to experience first-hand. It was a cold reminder that Narcissa's entire life was changing beyond her control and there were parts of her journey she would never remember. Like crying out for her sister. Striking her son. And gods, she was the most aggravating person Hermione had ever treated, but it was her duty to be patient. To be understanding. To be kindÉ even when Narcissa wasn't. And that was sobering. Grounding. Hermione held Narcissa until she calmed, until her grip loosened, until she had enough of a grasp on her own mind to do her job. The chill sank into her skin, and her fingers trembled as she manoeuvred until she could uncork the vial. "Cissa, w-who else do you see?" It was a question Hermione was scared to know the answer to, but nonetheless had to ask. Had to know. Narcissa lifted her head, and Hermione carefully dried her eyes with a whispered spell. Lacing her voice was an emotion she hid so well during the day: terror. "Those I know are dead. The Dark Lord, he was here, just as real as youÉ" Hermione swallowed. Malfoy. Distress and confusion started to work their way across Narcissa's features; what little colour was there faded fast. She knew what was next, had experienced it once before. The combativeness. The panic. Fear. "Drink. It'll help them go away." "You're not real. Why should I trust you?" "Because I'mÉ" Hermione trailed off, scrambling for reasons. She did not want to lie, but she also needed her to comply. "Just trust me. Please." By some miracle, Narcissa did, accepting the vial with hands that shook hard, and bringing it to her lips. The sedative worked quickly, and soon Hermione levitated her back into the house and tucked her into bed. By the time she closed Narcissa's bedroom door and asked Zippy to notify her when she woke, Hermione's exhaustion was bone deep. Both physically and emotionally. Her mind was whirring with several ideas about how to effectively utilise the Palliative Care team, who were due back at the start of next week. It might have been early in her disease, but Narcissa needed monitoring around the clock, and it couldn't be done with her enchanted parchment that monitored her vitals alone. There had to be someone there, someone who could coax her back and isolate the triggers for her episodes. Help her. One for the day and one for the night. Hermione was still thinking about logistics when she returned to the kitchen and found Malfoy placing his daily note by Scorpius' seat. "I assume your attempt was a success." He didn't look up, but he sounded as tired as she felt. "It was." Hermione paused. "Do you plan to sleep at all?" She had to ask because when she thought about it, he spent his days at the Ministry and his nights in Wales canvassing with a team for a possible Death Eater hideout. Malfoy was, by definition, burning the candle at both endsÉ and it showed. He was beginning to look drawn and unnaturally pale. His posture and face told Hermione he hadn't slept in days, if not longer. "That's none of your concern." Well, he sounded just as sharp as ever. "No, I suppose it's not." Hermione went into her bag and retrieved two vials that might help him through the dayÑInvigoration Draught and Girding Potion. She frowned and retrieved a third for pain before placing them all on the end of the table. "One's for pain. The other two are for you. They aren't substitutes for actual rest, but you'll become a danger to everyone and yourself without some sort of aid." Hermione would know. She'd wound up in St Mungo's after tempting fate too many times. "I don't want your potions, Granger. Nor do I want your pity." Her fist tightened at her side before she took a deep, cleansing breath and left them on the table as a standing offer. "I don't pity you and I definitely don't envy your life. Take them or not, Malfoy, I don't care. I'm trying to help and I don't have the energy for your attitude today. Your motherÑ" "What about her?" "She's resting and IÉ" "Who did she think you were?" he asked. Hermione sighed, scrubbing a rough hand over her cheek. "Andromeda, but I doubt she'll remember anything." "Lucky for her." His snort was bitter, grating, derisive. Malfoy's eye was worse nowÑangry and painful, the fresh bruise had spread across his cheekbone and blended away on his right temple. The other mark on the left side of his face had been the one Malfoy had, unsuccessfully, attempted to heal. The discolouration ran from his temple to his cheek, red and swollen, standing out against his pale skin. She felt bad for him, for what had likely happened when he'd gone to help his mother, for what her disease was doing to him. Not that he would ever admit it. "I've already said that I don't want your pity, Granger. And before you deny it, I don't need Legilimency to hear it loud and clear." Hermione waded through his defences as she took step after step until there was only a table between them. "Forgive me for feeling bad for you, I'll try not to. But if you take a seat, I can heal you." "I'm fine." Pursing her lips, Hermione rubbed her arm first then rested her hands on her hips. "You're terrible at Healing Charms, Malfoy. Just like you're not fine." He remained unreadable, a stoic mask if not for the small tick of his jaw. "She told me what she saw, who she thought you were. That must have beenÑ" "I'm not having this discussion with you of all people." He abruptly left the room. Following his departure, Hermione frowned at the empty space he had just occupied. That went about as well as expected. Two of the three potions she'd left were gone. Hermione hadn't seen him take either. The one that remained was for pain. Hermione went about making herself tea and breakfast in preparation to stay until Narcissa woke up. As she sat at the island, flipping through a recipe book for lunch ideas, she snuck glances at Zippy (as she had done every morning) while he crafted a fine breakfast for Scorpius. "Why do you make Scorpius such elaborate meals?" "It is what Mistress wants," Zippy answered automatically. "Mistress wishes to refine his palate." That was ridiculous; the little boy never seemed interested. Zippy snapped and the prepared meal floated over to where Scorpius sat each day, charmed to keep warm. Continuing his daily routine before his return to Narcissa's room, the elf vanished with a second snap of his fingersÑa bit flummoxed when she thanked him. Hermione wasn't alone for long. Malfoy appeared in the doorway while she sat her clean teacup back in the cupboard. Still bruised, he seemed calm and composed in that way of his. He had obviously taken the potions. His colour had returned, eyes brightened, posture straightened; he'd even had a shower and changed clothes. The only reason Hermione had been able to tell was because of the difference in the style, material, and cut of his trousers. And his hair wasn't completely dry. He'd abandoned his jacket for a black leather wand holster that he'd strapped to his right shoulder. The best position for a quick draw. Perhaps that was also the reason his glasses were tucked in the front of his shirt. He didn't put them on until he dropped a folder on the end of the island. "You left these." There was no telling what was inside. Hermione had research spread between two houses. "My mother's potions ingredients." Something she had misplaced two days prior. Malfoy opened the folder, and as she approached, she caught sight of his untidy scrawl. He'd made notes. Lots of them. In handwriting she could hardly read. Hermione glanced up at the impassive man, but he didn't move, so she took a small step out of his space. There were notes on her morning and afternoon potions. Suggestions, maybe? On her evening potions, Malfoy had circled two ingredients (knotgrass and dandelion root), underlined two more (Goat's horn and hopsÑmultiple times), and made some illegible comments beneath that. Hermione tilted her head to try and decipher the scrawl but came up with nothing. "Who created the potion?" His question made her blink twice. "I thought you didn't care to be involved." Barely concealed irritation appeared in a flash. "And I thought that, as my mother's Healer, you would be astute enough to know when something was wrong." "Oh, I knew something was wrong. I've known for weeks. The only reason you don't is because you don't care to know. Simple asÑ" "Your evening potion doesn't work." Hermione inhaled, readying her response when she paused. "Excuse me?" Single-minded, she brought the parchment to her face, squinting at his notes. Merlin, was that an A or a triangle? Or a D? "Has anyone ever told you that your handwriting is utter rubbish? Not that I understand your notes, but what makes you thinkÑ" The words died when she felt him at her arm, looming over her shoulder like a shadow. Malfoy pointed to the two ingredients he'd circled. "How did you make the decision to use this amount of knotgrass and dandelion root?" "Snowdrop would be too harsh on her stomach, and these two were recommended as replacements without diminishing efficacy." "Who told you that?" "I confirmed it with several Potions MastersÑ" "That's lazy, unlike you and, frankly, it annoys the hell out of me that I have to break it down this much for someone who is supposedly so bright." The final word was spat like it was vile. Hermione straightened her spine and set her shoulders, warm from being flustered and irritated and unanchored all at onceÑa state of being that, around him, was beginning to feel normal. She despised it so much that the question of why he bothered her had been locked away in a box, within a larger box, inside a metal cage, and shoved behind a spelled door inside her mind. She turned and found herself toe-to-toe with him. His solid chest was eye level, so she raised her head, looking at his strong jawline, his eyes behind the frames of his glassesÑwhen had he put those on? "As far as your mother's condition is concerned, I am limited to what I know, what I've read during research, and what I've been told. This is outside of all three. Obviously, a gap exists that I didn't know about. You can't blame me, but you can lose the damn attitude, Malfoy, and inform me so I can help her." "You want me to do your job for you?" "No, I want your help and cooperation. If you've figured something out, and it sounds like you have, either speak up or get out." "Your experts are idiots." The worst part wasn't Malfoy in her personal space criticising her work ethic, it was the part of her brain that latched on and catalogued the inconsistencies. His contrasts. She recognised the vague scent of mint, cedar, and something clean coming from him. She wished it smelled as horrible as he was acting. "My experts are at the top of their field for a reasonÑ" Hermione remembered who she was defending herself against and recoiled. "Actually, I'm confused as to why I'm explaining this to you. You've expressed time and time again that you don't care about any part of your mother's treatment." "I don't." Malfoy dusted the invisible lint off his shirt. From this angle the bruises on his face looked worse. There was a rough edge to his voice that made the hairs on Hermione's neck stand up. "I just thought you should know, Granger, that while the ingredients are not technically incorrect, the potion is rendered ineffective by my mother's allergy to Goat's Horn." What? "I'm sorry, what allergy?" Narcissa had none listed in her file. The fact that there wasÑwell, there was the anger rising in her that stemmed from the blatant disregard Narcissa had for her own health to keep something as petty as an allergy a secret. Real damage could have been done. Second, that could have been the key to everything: her irregular results and how she seemed to sharply decline in the evening. None of the potions were effective unless all three were being taken accordingly. Shite. A month's worth of work never happened, just like that. Hermione's mood further soured. She shut the folder. "What allergy?" Malfoy's expression shifted to something between a glower and a smirk, his eyes still hard. If possible, he stood taller. "I'm not surprised she didn't tell you. She scarcely remembers it herself, but it's not lethal. Goat's Horn has magical properties that don't work on her, which neutralises your evening potionsÉ and, from what I've read, likely all the others as well." There was a hint of something lurking underneath each word, each breathÑa sense of pride in his knowledge. Pride in knowing something no one else did. And how did she know that? Well, she recognised it in herself. "When did you figure this out?" "Last night before my Portkey to Wales. I found your ingredients list the day before and took a look. It wasn't hard to figure out the problem." "Because she's your mother and you know these things." "No, because I consult myself and my own knowledge when I want to figure something out. Not so-called experts," Malfoy snapped. "There are several alternatives that would serve as a replacement, but based on the other ingredients, you should add more arka and dandelion root. I've included the amounts on the parchment. Furthermore, you don't need hops in there at all. It's useless, not the binding agent you and your experts think it is. Might I suggest something common like shellac." Hermione was speechless. Malfoy had obviously put more thought into it than he would ever confess. Still, it was the most she'd heard him speak about anything, especially concerning his mother's treatment. A step forward. Change? He was open, however accidental that had been. Hermione forced back that giddy part of her that wanted to ask him a million things now that he appeared to be in a talkative mood. "How did you find out about her allergy?" "The ingredient was in a vanity potion of hers tÑ" Malfoy remembered himself, their proximity, and who he was speaking to, all but reaching out and snatching back the words he had spoken. One step forward, two steps back. Malfoy fixed his tie and ran a quick hand down the front of his shirt before taking another step back. Hermione allowed herself to follow each step as he closed himself up. "What does it matter how I know, Granger? Now you do, too. You have your parchment and your solution. Brew the potion with those suggestions and it should work." "Fine." She waited for him to say something else, but he didn't, long gone back into his fortress with high walls. "Thank you for your help, however reluctant." "I'm just trying not to get punched again." Hermione frowned. "How many times has something like that happened?" "Enough." Well, that was that. "Additionally, I found your potions book and left it upstairs in your designated area." "I'll need it to brew, along with the parchment, of course." His eyebrow lifted above his glasses. "You brew with books?" "Yes." "Because you're unfamiliar with the potion?" Hermione folded her arms. "I brew with books, and even parchment, no matter how many times I've created the potion. It's necessary for error-proof potions making." "Why?" "Why what?" "Why books or parchment? Why do you need directions when you already know what you're doingÑespecially when you've made a particular potion before?" "Why does it matter?" she asked defensively. "The potion is brewed correctly." He brought his hand to his chin and made a small hmm noise before pulling his wand from his holster and summoning a single vial of his mother's potions. Her afternoon dose. Malfoy caught it effortlessly while re-holstering his wand. Torn between watching his visual inspection of her work and just watching him, Hermione settled into some twisted hybrid of the two that had her watching every motion of Malfoy's hands, every movement of his eyes. She took the same breath he did when he uncorked the potion and inhaled a small whiff. Hermione couldn't look away. "Each week, I've looked at the potions you leave for my mother. Admittedly, your potions appear correct and the quality is quite good, given the lack of imagination." That made her bristle. "They areÉ better than some Apothecaries. Although, it could be better." She didn't take any criticism well, but his burned. "How could they possibly be better?" "If you experimented, they could be, but you obviously don't." An echo of the boy he'd once been coloured the deep timbre of his voice. "Something I find very strange." "And why's that?" "I remember you differently." Just like that, the flames of her anger extinguished. Hermione blinked in naked confusion. His step forward was as confident as her step back was defensive. "You've always annoyingly had the right answers. The Room of Requirement. Protean coins. Umbridge. The dragon at Gringotts. Your house-elf agenda. I'm certain there's more that you, Potter, and Weasley have managed to hide from the world, but as it stands right now, people will follow, should you ever choose to lead." "I have no interest in that." "So I recall." Malfoy's scrutiny was as heavy as a lead weight. "Not only have you changed careers, you also don't experiment. Not so daring anymore, are you?" Her fingers curled into a fist. At her lack of response, he probed harder, unreadable eyes searching for what seemed like years in the span of seconds. It wasn't the first time she'd heard those words, but coming from Malfoy, coupled with her exhaustion from Narcissa, they made her wilt. She no longer wanted to engage. Hermione kept her calm as she picked up her folder. "I'm going to check on your mother." She passed him on her way out, resolved to wait in Narcissa's sitting area until sheÑ "Interesting," he said, his voice loud in the silence. "For the last month, this is all I had to say to shut you up." He was trying to get a rise out of her. She wouldn't take the bait. "I'm as tired as you pretend not to be." Hermione turned around, using a last flare of energy to make her final point. Malfoy's arrogance had diminished into a grimace. "Don't underestimate me, Malfoy. I'm still quite daring, but I don't expend energy to experiment unless I absolutely have to. Until I have a reason. And right now, I don't. Also, you speak of who I was when the only reason I did any of it was because it was right. I did it all to help Harry. My job is done in that aspect." "Perhaps, but you're a Healer now. I should think that improving the potions you provide your patients warrants experimentation." "The potions work. Or they would have. Your mother's undisclosed allergy is the cause of all this, but that doesn't negate anything else. When that's fixed, they will work. Why would I try to fix something that isn't broken?" "Just because something isn't broken doesn't mean you've achieved optimal results. How would you even know?" Malfoy challenged. "You haven't experimented enough to ascertain if something is broken or not. I believe knowledge is about the pursuit of truth, rather than convenient applications. There is always room for improvement." "That can be said about people as well." His flinch was dramatic, highlighted by the bruises on his face, but he recovered. "Ah, yes. People. You think you know us all so well, don't you?" "One could argue with your assessment of my character that you're the same way." Malfoy scoffed. "Don't waste my time with the 'we're so alike' bullshit. We're not." "I never said we're alike. IÑ" "For the last month, I've listened to your rhetoric, your opinions and your deep-seated wish to make the world a better place one person, one interaction at a time. It's all idealistic bullshit, but I'll bite. On the original subject of experimentation, how can you strive for a better world when you won't experiment? When you won't let yourself try something new? The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again, but expecting different results." His words lit a fire inside of Hermione, a call to arms to defend herself. All thoughts of abandoning the conversation vanished like smoke in the breeze. "First, I don't expect different results. I expect the correct ones. Second, it's not all bullshitÑ" "People aren't wired to care about anyone except themselves, their inner circle of family and friends, and anyone that serves a purpose to them. Humans are inherently self-centred and greedy. Every single thing we do, we do to serve the interest of our own." She took a step towards him. "People are not inherently anything but human. However, your pessimism doesn't surprise me." "I'm a realist, Granger, and you may say all the right things, but you're no different than anyone. Your work appears to be altruism, when you're driven by your desire to feel good about yourself, to look good in the eyes of others, and to remain consistent with your principles. Your selfishness may take a different form, but in the end, you're just like everyone else." "You have no idea who I am. Or the work I do." "I know enough about your work. Not about anything else, but your 'make a larger impact on a smaller scale' view is flawed by your behaviour," Malfoy argued. "In order to incite the change you talk about, you have to be willing to make alterations and modifications to existing solutions. You have to keep pushing. You can't be as complacent as you are, dependent on your existing knowledge." Hermione shifted her weight. "You quoted Einstein before when you saidÑ" "Your bias is showing." Malfoy looked more disappointed than annoyed. "No, it's not." She huffed, not in anger, but because Hermione found herself flustered and it aggravated the hell out of her. "As I was saying, if you want to quote Einstein, he also said that problems cannot be solved with the same mindset that created them. You think my beliefs are bullshit, but you haven't expressed your own opinion on the matter." "You don't care to hear my views." "I wouldn't have said anything if I didn't." She approached him like one would a wild cat, but Malfoy didn't back away. Not even when she stood right in front of him, close enough to touch. "It's so easy to criticise when you do nothing." "So we should all be like you, then? Solving the world's problems one at a time?" With a curt frown, he folded his arms, and for a second, Hermione's eyes drifted to the sleeve of his shirt, remembering the splashes of colour her curiosity wouldn't let her forget. "I'm not surprised you've misinterpreted my statement," she said. "We cannot solve the world's problems. I've never once put that responsibility on my shoulders. I'm only one person. As are you. Change always ripples out from something small. Furthermore, I believe it's our duty as humans to leave this world better than we found it, however we can, and that's what I intend to do. In my own way. Starting here." Hermione lifted on the tips of her toes and whispered a Healing Charm. Malfoy braced one hand on the granite and inhaled sharply, poised to argue, but his words were dead on arrival. Her fingers hovered over his healing skin as she murmured another spell, but the weight of his gaze remained heavy. Piercing. Hard to ignore. Hard to decipher. Tension bled from him as the magic took hold. She watched as the pain he'd never confess to feeling began to recede. Seconds passed, but felt far longer, before his bruises completely faded, healed, and vanished into nothing except flawless skin. "That is how I am wired," she said in a near whisper as she lowered herself back until the soles of her shoes touched the wooden floor again. His eyes followed her action. Followed her. They exhaled simultaneously. Hermione felt untethered, but not disoriented enough to stop her from making her point. "I'm not entirely altruistic, but I am wired to care about people. I'm wired to help anyone and everyone I can, even you. And for someone who doesn't give a damn, you've obviously put a lot of thought into my character." That woke him from his trance. "Just as I assume that you are trying to determine mine. Have you got your answers yet?" "No." He was so cagey, so defensive; it would take a thousand conversations to understand him and more energy than she had time to expend. Malfoy gave her an odd look before checking his watch. Hermione glanced at the clock behind him. It was just past seven. Time for him to leave. Malfoy didn't say goodbye, he never did, he simply sidestepped her on his way out. The only difference today was the fact that he repeatedly ran a rough hand through his hair. He was off to continue his schedule, working a job he never got paid for, while she remained in his home to do hersÑall the while noticing the little things that weren't her business. The flames of her curiosity continued to flicker. One in particular? "Scorpius looks for you every morning without fail." Malfoy paused just inside the arch of the doorway. She could see the wave of tension in the rise and fall of his shoulders, the flex of his hands, the rigid line of his posture. His audible breath. "I justÉ thought you should know." Hermione considered being there when Narcissa woke, but she wasn't. She needed the rest. As did the staff. After deciphering Malfoy's handwriting, researching alternatives all morning in her office, and checking everything over with her experts firstÑwho were impressed by Malfoy's suggestionsÑHermione reached out to Neville to see if he had the herbs in his greenhouse. He did, thankfully, already dried. Perfect. From there, Hermione fed the chickens table scraps and took her frustration out on the weeds in her herb garden. She watered everything in the greenhouse and made notes on how the arka plant was growing for Neville. It had grown. Not much, but just enough. With mostly everything done, Hermione treated herself to an early lunch and a book just before eleven. But after finishing her sandwich and two chapters, that mounting frustration returned, distracting her until she was reading pages twice. Which was how she found herself in her brewing room with a trusty book on the stand, making a batch of the evening potion for Narcissa. Pretty soon, everything was chopped, diced, minced, sorted, and added into the bubbling cauldron. The flames were low, just like they should be. Everything was just as Malfoy had directed in the horrid handwriting she was beginning to decode. It took Hermione a little longer than usual to focus. A little longer to settle. More effort to clear her mind. Brewing was as difficult as it could be calming, but today Hermione was undeniably agitated. It had something to do with the earworm that stuck with her from her conversation with Malfoy. It wasn't that she couldn't brew without booksÑshe couldÑbut there was comfort in the action, in the routine. There was familiarity in habit. Hermione wasn't passionate about potions or cooking. Despite having a room dedicated to each, she cooked and brewed potions mainly for others. But the joy she got in it wasn't just the fact that she could help them, it had to do with the residual part of the child in her that loved the act of following directions. Hermione liked the order in it, the stability; she liked the process of making something that, in truth, didn't require a lot of talent to produce. And the bit about not experimenting? There was no need for any other project. Everything had worked as it should through an extensive amount of research and the consultation of experts. It made no sense to change something that had been proven to work. No need to change the written word. That went for Narcissa's case, as well. The adjustment to her evening potion had taken little effortÑjust a tweak. Right now, the brew looked as he'd described on the corners of the parchment. What did he want her to do? Adjust the entire thing? That made no sense. Banishing the thought to the corner of her mind, Hermione inhaled and exhaled before allowing his words to roll off her shoulders into a heap around her feet. Then, she did things her way. The proper amount of time passed before the potion exuded its faint purple smoke, indicating completion. And after bottling it into seven vials, a glance at the wall made her frown. It was nearly one. Narcissa should be up soon. And they needed to talk. That mood followed her back into Malfoy's residence, where she stocked the new evening potions and disposed of the old ones. When Hermione went to check on Narcissa, Zippy was stationed outside her door. Watchful. "Has she woken up?" "Mistress continues to sleep peacefully." "Please get me when she wakes. And if she isn't up in an hour, please come get me anyway. I'll be here." "Yes, Miss." With a friendly nod at the house-elf, who seemed eager to follow her command, she left the way she'd entered, walking through Narcissa's private sitting area. The room was decorated in her ornate traditional styleÑthe only part of the house embellished in such a manner, a symbol of the room being strictly hers. Like Malfoy's office. Hermione had options to pass the time. There was a smaller study upstairs, right next to where Scorpius' tutor conducted lessons, which had been cleared after that disastrous first day. Hermione was headed there when she spotted something strange in the living room. Someone who had drifted off-course from his schedule. Scorpius. Standing by the glass door, with his back to her as he stared out into the empty garden, he pressed one hand on the glass that was sure to leave a smudge for Zippy to clean. It was the loneliest sight Hermione had ever seen. She went on the hunt for his nanny, finding Catherine in the library where his tutoring sessions took place with the tutor himself. She was helping him tune a stubborn piano for music lessons. Hermione asked if either of them had noticed that their pupil had left. "It's fine. I'll find him when we're ready to get started." It sounded like something she had done before, something she had great experience with. "Oh, I know where he is." Mr Graves pressed a key on the piano. Though not musically inclined, it sounded off to Hermione's ear. "Can you keep an eye on him until we finish?" Hermione almost said something much different, but acquiesced, "Of course." Scorpius was exactly where she left him, hand still on the glass. What he was looking at or for, Hermione had no idea. She stood next to him to see if she could figure it out, but all that did was alert him to her presence. He looked up, not startled or scared. Just blank. Staring had been their default for the last month. He did it at breakfast and the occasional lunch when Narcissa would request his presence. Scorpius looked on as she asked Narcissa her battery of questionsÑsomething she tried not to do around him, but Narcissa didn't care. It was innocent, if a little unnerving, but that had changed two weeks ago when Hermione started moving his glass of juice from his right to his left so he would stop accidentally reaching for Narcissa's. After that, Scorpius had watched her differently. It was hard to explain. Whenever he entered the kitchen, he would look around for his father, then after his spell of disappointment, his eyes would fall on her. Only her. And he would watch Hermione through his grandmother's initial directions to the point where she was certain, if tested, he would never remember what she'd said. Scorpius would watch her through breakfast, but wouldn't touch his juice until she moved it from the right to left. And after a few days of that, he even started looking back at her whenever he was sent to lessons. The first time Hermione waved, he'd nearly walked into a wall. Her second instinct had been to chuckle, which was quickly overridden by her first: to make sure he was okay. But Scorpius just blushed and left. She didn't hear Narcissa's first comment about his behaviour, but she had heard her aggravated sigh. "That boy." Today was different. Scorpius stared at her for so long Hermione started a conversation. "Do you want to go outside?" It was overcast, breezy, and would rain soon, but perhaps it would hold out long enough for Scorpius to get fresh air. The nod he gave in response was as hesitant as expected. That uncertainty extended even after she opened the door, allowing a gust of wind to blow his hair askance. In fact, Hermione had to walk out first before he tentatively followed. "Feels good, yes?" Scorpius didn't agree and it wasn't more than a few wind gusts later that Hermione followed him back inside where he sat in front of the window, fixed his hair, and watched; more content to observe than experience the weather for himself. Having nothing better to do, Hermione joined him, folding her legs just like his. The rain didn't stay away. Darkening clouds continued to roll in, and soon droplets hit the glass panes in a slow, rhythmic beat that quickened as the storm barrelled overhead. Hermione glanced at Scorpius and found him looking at her curiously. A soft smile developed where none had been before. "You really remind me of your dad. Only you don't scowl as much as he did." Scorpius perked up, scooting closer, eager to hear more. About his father. Hermione felt lightheaded. "Your dadÉ you want to know more about him?" Scorpius nodded, jittery in the way children got when they were stifling excitement. Dread rose in her chest. She rubbed the back of her neck. What could she tell Scorpius Malfoy about his father? In school, he had been a spoiled bully, a bigot, an ignorant blood purist who was intolerant and manipulative and believed himself better than everyone else. Malfoy had been his father's son. But everything couldn't be blamed on his parents. He'd made bad choices, done awful things, andÑKingsley's words came roaring back. While Draco Malfoy had been all of those terrible things, she didn't have the right to judge him. Not at face value, at least. Not at all, really. Not now. He was trying to atone in his own way. Though vastly different, Hermione had made choices for which she sought a similar version of atonement with her parents. Being on the winning side of the war hadn't justified every action, just like him being on the losing side didn't deem him eternally a villain incapable of change. It made them both human. Capable of both great and terrible things. It wasn't her place to determine what he deserved, but at that moment, it wasn't about Malfoy. It was about Scorpius. Still, it definitely wasn't ideal to give him a true account of the person his father had been, even as she sought answers to determine who his father was now. The pieces she had of Draco Malfoy's life made little senseÑthe notes he left contradicted the distance he kept, the time he'd invested to figuring out the problem with his mother's potions contradicted his overall apathy towards her diseaseÑbut something Hermione did know was that he had changed. And Scorpius deserved to know this version of his father. She knew it wasn't her place to tell him anything, but the open curiosity on his adorable face made Hermione try to find something she could say. "Your dad and IÉ we weren't friends. I don't know him that well, but what I do know is that he's smart and is good at fixing things." The more she spoke, the easier it got. "He was good at flying. He played QuidditchÑ" Scorpius tilted his head like a confused baby owl. "Ah, you don't know Quidditch. Neither do I, butÑ" Maybe one day Malfoy would teach him. "Your dad was great at potions. Still is, it seems." None of it was a lie, even if the truth was far more complex than the washed down version she gave. Scorpius hung on her every word, cheeks flushed pink as if he were holding his breath. He wanted to know him. The sight of his curiosity made Hermione's heart squeeze in her chest. She found herself grappling through the files in her mind just so she could help him. "H-he likes reading the paper and crosswords puzzles. He swims. He sets your place at the table every day and puts your note there himself." That made him freeze before producing not just one note, but a small handful, from the pocket of his trousers, dropping some like most kids did when they tried to grab too many things at once. What spilled from his pockets represented days and days of notes that Scorpius kept close as he tried to decipher his father from words too illegible for him to read. There was a sad irony that Hermione couldn't ignore. Couldn't help but feel the ache in her head and heart. What she'd told him wasn't much, but from the way his attention went from her to the notes, maybe it was enough. For now. After looking at each note and trying to decipher it, Scorpius returned them to his pocket that was clearly charmed to hold the sheer volume of things he kept there. He then went back to watching the storm, getting up and standing in front of the glass, just as she had found him before. He seemed contemplative and stoic in a way that made him look older than five. As though life had dealt him a bad handÑmaybe quite a fewÑbut he was bearing it. Even the way Scorpius held himself, like his father with both hands behind his back, made her feel both amused and sad. It was a strange mix. She could see that beneath it all, everything about him spoke of anguish. And melancholy. A roll of thunder and flash of lightning came and went, but he didn't flinch. His focus was on the raindrops that slid down the glass, distorting the world outside. He began randomly tracing the trail with a small finger. As she watched him, a question was called from the recesses of her mind. "Are you okay?" She felt the bottom drop out of her heart when Scorpius tensed and fell apart before her eyes. He flinched as if her words had physically struck him, the hand still behind him curling into a small fist. The action tugged hard on every string of Hermione's heart. She heard Scorpius take a sharp breath before he rested his head on the cool glass then took a step back, wrapped his small hands around his stomach, and curled in on himself as though he needed protection and the only place he could find it wasÉ in himself. Hermione moved on instinct rather than logic, placing a gentle, encouraging hand on his shoulder. He sidestepped. His message was clear. Don't touch. Keep away. And she listened, but remained close, helpless, hating that she'd unearthed his pain. Scorpius' cheeks reddened as he turned his back to her completely, taking ragged breath after breath as if he were struggling for air. Trying to keep something inside that desperately wanted out. "It'sÉ it's okay to not be okay." Scorpius didn't make noise, his hurt remained silent, but his pain? That was loud, vivid, and honest. It shook Hermione to the core. He stared at the ceiling as he struggled on, fighting it, breathing so loud it was deafening. Like the storm outside, the one in front of her was a force of nature all its own. Scorpius was all Hermione could hear. His devastation was all she could feel. But slowly, he began to realise that he wasn't alone. She was there. And he seemed to retreat further. Deeper. Fixing his face brick by brick. Getting his breathing under control. Scorpius did everything except cry. And she hated that he had been taught to control himself to that extent. Hermione crawled to him, putting herself back in his line of sightÑface to face. She had no idea what to say or what to do. But she knew she had to do something before he closed himself up again. Hermione didn't touch him, but she tried her best and offered some comfort. A word. The only one she could muster. "Scorpius." Whatever progress he'd made crumpled with the quivering of his lip. The forming tears in his eyes were scrubbed away too hard with small hands he then used to cover his face. Scorpius staggered back. "Can I help?" Gods, her hands were shaking so bad with her overwhelming urge to help him, to reach for him, to give a hurting child the comfort he so desperately needed. But the look he gave her haunted Hermione long after he calmed himself down enough to leave. A look that said one thing. No. She couldn't help. He had been quiet for too long. Ginny eyed the pie Hermione offered with the same suspicion she reserved for James whenever he tried to blame Albus and Lily for something they clearly hadn't done. Hermione held her breath until she accepted the offer. Who would turn down a pie? Blueberry, especially. It was Lily's favourite. But acceptance didn't smooth Ginny's furrowed brows or remove that pinched expression from her faceÑthe look that meant Hermione wasn't sure if Ginny was going to hold on for a meaningful lecture or let it go until next time. In truth, she didn't know which would be worse. "You only bake dessert under duress or for someone's birthday." Ginny looked at the second bag. "It's no one's birthday and you've baked two pies. What the hell happened to you today?" Actually, she'd made three. "I made that for Daphne. She loves pie." Hermione cleared her throat. "Where are the kids?" "Nice diversion attempt. I'll allow it. James is upstairs finishing his homework." She stopped and yelled for him to come down because Hermione was there. She could hear immediate movement. "Lily's with my parents, and Albus is out with Harry. He needed a break." Ginny sighed and joined her at the table. "School was rough today. He came home in tears and he's still eating lunch alone." Hermione hated to hear that. Al was so kind and generous, but he never knew what to say to the other children. He'd get so excited that he'd just freeze, much like stage fright. The children avoided him, called him names, andÑwell, he needed a friend who understood him. "I know it's not my weekend, but if youÑ" "Oh no, we couldn't." Ginny waved her off. "Harry took him to dinner and they're going to the Planetarium." Albus loved the stars. "I wouldn't mind." Thoughts of another little boy's pain and loneliness swelled and swirled in her memory, then receded, before coming back harderÑlike the tide. With it, Hermione felt the first signs of the emotional blowback from the afternoon rise in her chest. She felt tightness behind her eyes that matched the one in her chest and blinked furiously to prevent any tears from falling. Her thumbnail dug into her handÑhard. "It'd be nice to see him." Ginny leaned forward, placing her hand over Hermione's locked fingers, trying to catch her eye. Hermione looked past her friend to where another redhead entered the room. "Hi James!" she greeted him with a bright smile that quickly hollowed out. At seven, James wasn't a hugger; he never had been. He was more inclined to run or complain his way through one, but there must have been something on Hermione's face that made him approach with a tentativeness she had never seen from him before. Something that made him pause at her sideÉ Then wrap his arms around her. The hug didn't last long, just a few seconds, but it helped. James hopped over to Ginny's side with a wide smile. Too wide. Like a Cheshire cat. "MuuuuumÉ" Ginny gave him a long look. "Did you finish your assignments?" "Yes!" "Go get your shoes on and I'll take you over to the BurrÑ" With a whoop, he ran back out, and seconds later, they both heard him stomping around upstairs. Ginny chuckled to herself and Hermione couldn't help but join in. "George is doing fireworks at the Burrow. Angelina's in town. You should come. Take your mind off whatever it is that's troubling you." "It'll just be back tomorrow." "You never did say what happened today." "Not what." Hermione took a deep breath. "Who." Ginny's eyebrow lifted. "A Malfoy?" "Yes, but not the one you probably think. The smallest one isÉ" Hermione was at a loss for words. "Ginny." "Oh." Whatever her friend knew about the Malfoys' situation seemed to settle in. "OhÉ how long has it been? Six months?" Ginny winced, knowing too much about loss. "Not a lot of time. Not for any of them, even Malfoy." Hermione frowned. "From what I've gathered, it wasn't a marriage of love. Just duty." "Doesn't change the fact that he lost someone." The words stuck to her like a second skin, a film that no amount of scrubbing could cleanse. They settled in and made her itch. It was one thing to think of Draco Malfoy as father and son, but another to remind herself that he was in fact a widower. He'd lost someone. His attitude certainly never served as a cue; he never acted like someone who was in mourning. But that wasn't fair of her. How could anyone tell someone how to grieve? Much less someone like Draco Malfoy, whose pride and defensiveness had made him hard pressed to ask for help even in its simplest form. Even when he needed it. Especially then. After declining Ginny's invitation again, Hermione left for her second destination: Dean and Daphne's. When she showed up at their doorstep after dark, Dean took one look at her face, then at what she was holding, and stepped aside. "Daph! Hermione's here! Looks like she's brought a pie!" Daphne materialised at the top of the stairs. "Oh! What kind?" They locked eyes and knowing expressions passed. "Dean can youÑ" "Ron's invited me to the Burrow for fireworks, remember? But you said you wanted meÑ" "To work on the nursery, yes yes, but now you can go." Daphne had already started down the stairs, one hand on the railing and the other cradling her ever-growing belly. She was in her eighth month and starting to waddle, which was how she walked over to her husband, kissing him soundly before shooing him off. Dean left before she could change her mind, but not without a fond look back. "Want me to bring anything home?" "We're out of crisps. You ate them all." They all knew that was a lie, but Dean smiled. "Sure thing. Sorry, love." "The cheese ones, please." He chuckled, nodded, and left them alone in the foyer. "Smells fresh." Daphne accepted the pie with a raised eyebrow. "It is." Before she could ask, Hermione said, "Blueberry." "One of my favourites." Daphne led the way to their living room. Hermione took off her shoes and settled on the smaller of the two sofas, waiting while Daphne grabbed two forks. They ate in companionable silence. Daphne used her baby bump to balance the pie. They were halfway finished when she held the fork to her lips, and handed the pie off to Hermione. Not that she was finished, but she clearly had something to say. "As much as I love your pie, I know you didn't bake one just to come here and share it with me. You hardly like baking at all, unless it's someone's birthday or you're agitated." Daphne reached over and scooped up another bite. "You look like the latter. What happened?" When Hermione said nothing, Daphne sighed. "Obviously something happened, so don't lie." "Just a long day." "How is he?" The he Daphne was referring to was obvious. Ginny had asked her the same question, but for some reason honesty came easier now. Because she knew. Because she had experienced Scorpius' pain for herself. The father and son weren't the only ones who had lost someone. "IÉ" Hermione exhaled a rough breath. "I've spent the hours it took to prepare and bake this pie from scratch wondering how someone so small can feel so much. It'sÉ" Mind-boggling. Heart-breaking. Crippling. Long after he had left, Hermione struggled to stay within the boundaries she'd set up when she'd started working as Narcissa's Healer. Struggled to hold on to the belief, the idea, the fucking delusion that she could keep to the outside of the Malfoy family's storm. She hadn't done a good job. Hermione had stood outside the library earlier and listened to Scorpius struggle through music lessons, cringing as his nanny gently corrected him over and over until it was time for him to switch to another subject: dead languages. And he seemed to struggle through that as well, with the way Mr Graves kept directing him to focus. Hermione had only just been able to pull herself away. But her discomfort lingered, whispering the truth that she preferred to ignore because it really wasn't her place. As Malfoy liked to remind her, she had one patient, and that was Narcissa. But was it? The random question made Hermione remove herself completelyÑnot only from the room, but from the home. She'd let Zippy handle Narcissa's meals for the rest of the day, went home, pulled weeds, chased the chickens, reorganised her cupboards, and aggressively made three pies. The third one would be a gift for Scorpius' nanny. "I went over earlier, apparently right after you'd left." Daphne didn't look especially thrilled about the visit. "I didn't stay long. He was not having a good day." Of course not. Hermione bit her lip before asking, "Did he look at you?" "No." They continued eating the pie with new vigour, but Hermione could no longer taste the sweetness of the fruit or the richness of the crust. It all tasted like nothing, like dust. They stopped eating simultaneously. Hermione put the pie on the table while Daphne looked past her at the blank wall over her head. She grabbed Hermione's hand and held on without questioning any further. "I'm frustrated," Hermione confessed softly. "And I'm not certain I'll be able to remain objective." "With Narcissa?" "No." Hermione sucked in a deep breath while Daphne watched her, exhaling until she had nothing left. "With Scorpius. I'm not always clinical, you know. I do have a heart. I'm not blind, nor am I deaf to a child who is crying out for help. I have tried to keep my distance. I've watched this play out for an entire month, but I don't know how long I'll be able to ignore what's so blatantly happening in front of me. How don't they see?" "Draco is too busy to see. Too distracted trying to atone for his sins and fix everything to protect his family. Too overwhelmed by everything that's happened and everything that's coming at him incredibly fast." Which was an excuse, but also a reality. Hermione didn't know whether to empathise or criticise. So she did neither. "And Narcissa doesn't want to see." Daphne shook her head. "She's wilfully ignorant to the fact that she's turning him into Draco. Blessedly, not who he was when he was a child, but who he is now." "Apathetic? Pessimistic? Frustrating? Disconnected?" The list went on and on. "Ah yes, all of that. But moreoverÉ lonely." "How is Malfoy lonely? He has you all in whatever capacity he needs. He has Scorpius who carries around weeks worth of letters that are completely illegible to him, but does so because he's desperate to know his father." Hermione was more confused than ever. "How I see it, this is by choice: the distance he keeps and the loneliness you say he feels. He's only lonely because he chooses to be." "It's not an excuse, that's just all he knows." In solitude the lonely man is eaten up by himself, among crowds by the many. Friedrich Nietzsche Chapter End Notes A/N: Sorry for the wild ride of emotions and angst *hides* This was a complete insert chapter I'd forgotten to write, but boy was it fun to watch Draco and Hermione continue to be thrown off balance by each other. There's a lot of complexities at play with everyone, but in the center of it is Scorpius. Boy was I emotional when I wrote that scene. I had such a vivid picture in my head of it. But it's an important moment for Hermione to experience as she goes on...and the development of their relationship which is fast approaching. Art for this chapter: Scorpius Malfoy & His Window by inspectahdeck Embedded art by Jaxx-in-a-box [ Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Chapter9: Let TheWildRumpusStart! Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Nine Let The Wild Rumpus Start! May 20, 2011 Bridges. When Hermione spared a moment to consider them, she realised how strange they were. Outside of exquisite architecture and meticulous buildings, bridges were contraptions made of metal and wood, wire and thick rope, built to link places, people, and worlds kept apart by nature itself. Building one was complicatedÑimpossible without the right toolsÑbut travelling across a bridge involved an act of faith for someone like Hermione, who was terrified of heights. They posed a strange and sudden sensation of impending doom. Like flying. As Hermione sipped her mint tea with Narcissa's Palliative Healers, Sachs and Keating, she realised that bridges could be a metaphor for what she was trying to do: band all the pieces of Narcissa's life together to create a cohesive pathway of assistance, information, and progress where none had existed before. She had originally scheduled the meeting to take place at the Malfoy home, but changed her mind. Sometimes a change in scenery could shift perspectives. SheÕd need that to help create the foundation necessary to build those bridges. It was also away from Narcissa's presence and influence. The timing couldn't have been better. Fresh off holiday, their guards were down and they were relaxed. The backdrop of the world around her cottage was just as green and alive as the plants in her conservatory they'd examined upon arrival. Hermione provided tea and fresh apple pie she'd baked after another frustrating day. She forced a thin smile, politely listening to stories from their holidays. It was already going far better than their first meeting. Sachs had gone on a bucket list trip to Egypt while Keating spent time with family and welcomed a new grandchild she proudly showed pictures of. A girl named Helena. The bits she'd learned during their conversation would help in her ultimate quest to get to know them as individuals. It wasn't why Hermione had extended the invitation, of course, but she was finally understanding Theo's controlled silences. Words were powerful, but silence was just as important. As they chatted, she separated and analysed each as individuals rather than a pair. Sachs was a pale, greying brunette. She was bolder, more outspoken and confidentÑlike an extremely watered down version of Narcissa. Keating had a beautiful olive complexion that complemented her full head of grey. She was softer, more obliging and matronly. A nurturer and a follower. Both were traditional, but while she could win over Keating, Sachs would be her issue. But she could also be the key. Maybe they would both help her win over Narcissa. "Do you have any children?" Keating asked. She was clearly the sort that thought a good ice.breaker was a mildly invasive question about family. Hermione shook her head with a polite smile. "I have godchildren, and I am something like one to another, but none of my own." "Oh." Keating awkwardly patted her hand. "There's still time." It was something people said to placate a childless woman on the wrong side of thirty. What she meant was: your time is running out. Had Hermione's skin been thinner, had she not already had the same conversation with her mother, KeatingÕs words might have bothered her. But they didnÕt. Her lack of reaction caused the air around them to shift imperceptibly, awkwardness now tinged with discomfort. She needed to get things back on track. "If I'm meant to be a mother, I'll be one. If I'm not, I already have plenty of children to spoil." Both women agreed with wordless nods. It wasn't the best response, slightly too personal for her taste, but it was open enough to make her relatable. Hermione wasn't used to working with others, at least not at the level she would be working with them, but if the last month had taught her anything, it was that this was going to take a team effort. She needed their help. Their support. Their knowledge about the family. And, most importantly: their trust. Which wasn't going to come easily. "I'm glad you both had restful holidays. Have you had time to review everything I sent via owl?" The amended care plans had been thick. She'd given the delivery owls in Godric's Hollow two treats a piece to take them. They both nodded. "It was veryÉ detailed." Sachs was measured. "Do either of you have any preferences for morning or evening?Ó Hermione asked. ÒAnd do you understand your duties as they pertain to each shift?" "We've discussed it and I've agreed to take days as I've accompanied Narcissa to events in the past as an aide," Sachs spoke up. "Keating will take nights. Before you took over, we would alternate, but your manual didn't allow for such flexibility." Hermione couldn't ignore her tone. She brought her teacup to her lips and took a healthy sip of tea. Lemongrass and ginger. Just the tang she needed. "Before we go on, Sachs, do you have issues with my treatment methods, my presence, or just me ?" Sachs blinked, jarred by her brazen question and stunned into silence. Keating, seated across from her, went completely still. "I feel the key to a successful working relationship is to create one based on respect, trust, and open communication. I sincerely hope I haven't done or said anything that makes either of you feel as though you don't have a voice. Because you do. I consider myself to be approachable." Hermione made an easy gesture with her free hand. "Please, don't hesitate. Speak up." Sachs seized the opportunity. "I don't have a problem at all with anything you have laid out in your treatment package, but it seemsÉ strict. Narcissa will push back." Her treatment was no less strict than Scorpius' schedule, but that was another thing she kept to herself. The irony was astounding. "Be that as it may, it'll be your job to see that she doesn't. As she declines, she might become a different person, not the Narcissa you know. It's not an easy job going forward, so if you don't feel you can, please don't be afraid to let me know." They both, in their own words, accepted the challenge. Hermione took another sip. "Continuing on: the potions don't work unless they're taken both consistently and within a certain frame of time. She is allowed no other potions. Her condition, as well as her potions, require strict monitoring. I will also ask that you both make sure to keep notes in your notebooks. The parchment is spelled to appear on a master parchment so please monitor any fluctuations and be on the lookout for triggers to her episodes. While you trade off monitoring her days and nights, I'll be around during both, checking in, handling meals and making potions. Once we have a baseline, we can make adjustments." Sachs forked her pie. "I would have thought that after a month you would have been able to answer some of those questions yourself." Hermione sat her teacup on the saucer. "Due to an undisclosed allergy to Goat's Horn, her potions have been rendered useless until two days ago. Unfortunately, I'm still trying to create a baseline." Both looked confused. "She doesn't have any allergies." Ah, they hadn't known either. "That's not true, as I found out a few days ago." "From where?" "Her son." Keating and Sachs went from relaxed to sitting straighter, exchanging looks. The former looked flummoxed while the latter's eyebrows lifted slowly. "Draco helped?" "Reluctantly." Hermione wondered what they knew and how easy it might be to get them to talk about the Malfoys. Keating took her cues from Sachs, which made Hermione grimace. "He told me about the allergy and made the adjustments to her potion." So far, they were working well. Far from normal, but last night had been the first with zero disturbances. Hermione was as cautiously optimistic as Malfoy had been quietly cocky that morning over his black tea and daily crossword. Outside of his physical signs of exhaustion, her biggest clue to his lack of sleep had been Malfoy not reacting when she'd told him the answer to fifteen across. Vexatious. "Are they speaking again?" Keating asked. "Not particularly." Hermione bravely pushed the envelope. "You both have been working for the family for years. Do you know how long things have been like this between them?" Another look passed between the two women. "I only ask because I'm part of the team as well." Which was true. Something that was also true? The help knew everything. Keating and Sachs traded one last look before the former took the lead. "I was originally caring for Astoria, the poor dear." She paused for a moment. "Her parents spent an excessive amount of time and money trying to save her. She had just graduated from Hogwarts when I was hired, and they could barely afford my salary. When she married Draco, I was given a choice. Deciding to stay required me to move to France. I didn't think twice. I packed up my family and moved. I didn't want her to be alone and I didn't know what sort of man Draco wasÑthe rumours about him were awful." Interesting, but true. Malfoy's reputation in Wizarding London hadn't been the bestÑan understatement, despite his mother's beloved status. "And what do you think of him now?" Keating pondered her statement. "He's distant and guarded, but not unkind. They did the best they could under the circumstances." The statement was so loaded Hermione couldn't fathom interpreting it right then. ÒWas he involved?" "AstoriaÕs disease was incurable, Miss Granger, but there was a treatment that slowed it down. Not enough for her to have a normal lifespan, which wasn't good enough for her parents. They wanted her cured. Astoria spent every spare moment of her life being experimented on with dangerous magic and given harsh potions. By the time she married Draco, she was tired." Hermione couldn't fathom the pain sheÕd endured. "In a way, her marriage saved her. Draco respected her wishes for a normal life and gained more than a passing level of knowledge about her blood illness. I doubt she would have lived as long had he not made her potions himself." Hermione froze. His lack of involvement wasnÕt the norm. It was an exception. "When did you start?" Hermione asked Sachs. "Halfway into her pregnancy with Scorpius. Narcissa hired me exclusively for end of life care. No one expected her to survive childbirth. They were nearly correct about her and Scorpius." An awkward bubble swiftly rose to the surface before bursting, projecting the pure, vivid image of a man who had nearly lost everything in one dayÑin one instant. Hermione finished her tea, but it tasted like water. ÒShe was so frail after Scorpius was born but determined to be involved in raising him. Naturally, they had a Mediwitch and a nanny, but Astoria was very involved in his day-to-day care. And as he got older, she mustered the strength to teach him, despite being bedridden." Hermione had to ask. "Etiquette?" "No," Keating said. "The basics one would teach a toddler: colours, counting, letters, shapes. She hardly had the energy to take him outside, but she played with him, read to him all the time, and showed him everything she could. Her sister visited monthly, and she would take him places. Not around too many people, of course. There were a few incidentsÉ" Keating pressed her lips into a thin line. "Daphne stopped taking him out after the last one where Draco had to intervene. Instead, she tried to bring activities to him. I think that was around the time they put a telly in Astoria's quarters. Narcissa was upset." "Do they still have it?" Hermione found the mental image of Narcissa in a state about a telly appearing in her home hilarious. "I haven't seen it since the move back to London. It's probably put away along with everything else." All of Astoria's things. Keating looked wistful, like most caregivers thinking of a lost patient. Even when expected, it still hurt. "Narcissa would never allow it in the house. She only tolerated it because DracoÑwell, things were sour with them long before Scorpius was born. Partly had to do with Narcissa's treatment of her." "You're speculating." There was a hard set to Sachs' narrowed eyes. "Draco was hardly around." "He was around when he could be," Keating clarified after catching sight of Hermione's raised eyebrow. "He also helped when he could, butÉ" The woman's sigh was one of someone who had a lot to say, but didn't quite know how to phrase it. "I think he spent more time on security and warding than anything." "As he should have," Sachs said. "I still have scars on my hands from that poison." Hermione took a sharp look at Sachs' hands. The similarity between her scars and Molly's wasÉ "Narcissa's education didn't start until after Astoria reached the point of no return," Keating said. Sachs made a small noise after taking a sip of tea. "Had she allowed Narcissa to help with Scorpius earlier, she might have taken better care of herself and lived longer. But as it was, she dedicated every ounce of energy she could to raise him and shut Narcissa out until she had no choice in the matter." "Can you blame her?" Hermione wondered if she'd asked the question that had been on her mind. How embarrassing. But then she realised that no, she hadn't. It had come from Keating. There was a frown on her face and she was gripping her teacup with both hands; a complete opposite to Sachs who had nearly finished her pie. And there it was. The divide. May 21, 2011 Hermione woke up in stages. She was in no rush to start the day after a late night with Padma and Susan in the conservatory, drinking elf-made wine and chatting about the ins and outs of work at St Mungo'sÑsomething they couldn't do when everyone else was around. Hermione decided to lie there for a while and watch the sun creep across the floor towards the bed. Fortunately, she hadn't bothered to shut the drapes, and was catching a glimpse of a glorious sunrise. The promise of it pulled her from the bed and into her bath, where she showered before pulling her hair back into a purposefully messy bun. Opting for comfortable clothes, she laced up her Wellies and headed downstairs for tea. She also needed to check on Narcissa's enchanted parchment. A second night of stable readings was more than enough proof that the corrected potion was working. From the readings, it appeared she was still sleeping. Good. Today was the first day back for Keating and Sachs. Hermione made a mental reminder to visit Keating tonight and Sachs tomorrow. The phone rang. It was her mother. ÒGood morning, what are your plans for today?Ó "About to start in the garden." "Sounds lovely, dear." There was a noise in the background that sounded like her dad. "Oh, never you mind." He must have realised she was still on the phone. "Sorry, love. Your dad has opinions." Whatever that meant, Hermione knew better than to ask because she would never get an answer. Not from her dad, at least. "Anyway, I was calling to check and see if you were free for dinner Thursday. We'll be leaving for Greece in a couple of weeks and thought it would be lovely to see you before we go." Hermione blinked at the change in the schedule they had adhered to for years. A welcomed surprise that filled her with hope. "Oh! Of course." "Wonderful. See you then!" Farewells were exchanged before Hermione hung up the phone. With a pep in her step, she ventured around the conservatory, caring for the plants. By the time she started pruning the climbing roses, the sun had begun to make an appearance, brightening all corners of the room and further lifting her spirit. It was a lovely sight to behold. Both the conservatory from above and the world beyond the window. Peaceful and quiet. The morning sky was blue with streaks of orange, reds, and yellows, and cloudless for a change as the last couple of days had been grey, heavy and drizzly. Typical for the season, but today was a treat. Hermione looked around the orderly room. She'd done enough work. It was time to enjoy the view. After climbing down her ladder, she put it away and curled on her chaise by the full-length window with a fresh cup of tea and a battered copy of The Book Thief she'd been working through over the last week. She was lost in the story when she heard her Floo come to life and felt the tingling of her wards announcing the arrival of two people. After tucking her bookmark between the pages, Hermione went into the living room to find her guests patiently waiting. Well, not the smaller of the two. She had just enough time after hearing " Auntie 'Mione!" to shut the door behind her before a child-sized blur appeared wearing a Cannon jersey, jeans, and Velcro trainers. The blur named Albus Potter practically launched himself at her legs, hugging them tightly and almost knocking her off balance. "Oof!" Hermione laughed when he didn't let go. "Well, hello to you too, Al." "Hi!" Albus squeaked. Harry, meanwhile, chuckled from his spot in front of the fireplace, shaking his head as he sat his sonÕs bag on the sofa. "Hey." "It's only been a week!" She ruffled his soft but messy brown hair. "Missed me much?" "Yes!" He still held on. "He's not lying." His father crossed into the kitchen and approached them. "He woke us up at five, and was already dressed with his bag packed for the day. Quite determined." Harry gave Albus a fond look. The little boy raised his head, peering up at her with a big grin, flushed cheeks, and bright green eyes. "Sorry we're so early." "No bother at all." She looked down and smiled. "Did you eat?" Albus shook his head. She made an exaggerated face, pretending to think very deeply. "I might have more of the strawberry jam Deloris made." His eyes lit up more. "We can have eggs and toast with jam. How do you feel about bacon?" "Yes, please!" Hermione grinned. "Okay, go wash your hands and I'll let you help make breakfast." Off he ran up the stairs to the guest bath where his stool had a permanent home so he could reach the sink. They both watched him go, then Harry grinned. "He'll be gone for ten minutes, tops." "Yep." They both chuckled. "Thanks again, Hermione." "Stop thanking me, I love having Albus over. James and Lily, too." Even though all three together were chaotic at best. She had no idea how Harry and Ginny managed. Years of practice, she supposed. When she had all three, Hermione would sleep for hours after they left. "They're fun and a big help in the vegetable patch. What are you all doing today?" "Errands mostly, but we're taking the kids to the Aquarium and then to Diagon Alley this afternoon. I asked Al if he wanted to go, but when Ginny said he could come here, even though it wasn't his week, he was hell bent." Harry shrugged. "What's on your agenda?" "Weeding, but I've got to clean the chicken coop. We'll picnic in the pasture, too. Last time, he wanted me to read Where the Wild Things Are and Scaredy Squirrel, so I'll do that before we take a walk towards the forest." "Ah." Harry fixed his glasses and gave her a look as he leaned against the kitchen island. "He said he's ready this week. Let me know if he makes it, yeah? It's all he's talked about." "Will do." Hermione gave her best friend a knowing look as she folded her arms. "How's it going with Malfoy?" The question made him sigh. She had no idea if his response was good or not. "It's not going horribly, if that's what you're asking. We've started quietly training Teams D and E together. We let Hestia in enough for her to create the cover. Malfoy found a training room and warded the hell out of it. It's going well enough. Malfoy isÉ" Harry frowned. "We've scheduled a meeting with Team C on Monday." "Then why the sigh?" "Because it's Malfoy." Harry's statement was deeply relatable. "He's frustrating." "That he is." Harry was silent for a moment. "I will say he's been far more tolerable than usual. Also, he's not so horrible as a teacher. Yet for some reason, I still have the urge to hex himÑ repeatedly." "A natural reaction." Hermione patted his shoulder in mock sympathy. "There, there." Mending bridges wasn't easy. It would take time and a conscious effort from both. Whether it extended past the completion of their job of eradicating the threat of Death Eaters, Hermione had no idea. "Regardless, I'm just glad I was able to help." She tentatively touched on a subject she was curious about. "How has Malfoy been the lastÉ say, week or so?" "A bit off, but I can't tell how." He looked at her oddly. "Why?" "No reason." Harry didn't look convinced. Instead of retreating, she poked at the topic a little harder. Might as well; he was already suspicious. "He's doing the overnight canvass in Wales?" Harry's eyebrow disappeared into his hairline. "He told you that?" "Yes." HarryÕs look was oddly probing, but he was no TheoÑor even MalfoyÑso she returned his stare comfortably until he shrugged. "He volunteered to handle them. The Task Force isÉ" He sighed and scrubbed a hand over his face. "Malfoy's trying to wrangle them together before someone gets killed. He believes there's a hideout nearby, and based on the number of low-level Death Eaters they've caught in the last couple of days, I think he's right. We were supposed to report to the Wizengamot, but all security briefings have been suspended as Tiberius goes through each department and questions people about the restoration movement." "It has a name?" "I have no idea. I'm not allowed to know anything, apparently." "Then how do you know that ?" Harry smiled and they both started laughingÑbut not for long. When her best friend ran his fingers through his messy hair, she knew he was trying to approach a topic he was unsure about, and gave him a look that basically told him to spit it out. "That day, in my officeÉ" "What about it?" "That's the most Malfoy has spoken since we caught Rockwood. Usually it's one-sided. He hates my ideas, but doesn't offer reasons behind his suggestions. Like the pureblood Ward Specialist? Had he said that, I would have understood. I might have even agreed!" There was a deep communication issue between them, which had a lot to do with their fundamental differencesÑnot to mention their history. "Not to make excuses for Malfoy, but what did you expect? Didn't you have a row with him your first week?" Harry looked slightly ashamed of himself. "Okay, yesÉ butÑ" "It happened." Hermione shrugged. "Not your finest moment, but Malfoy didn't have to be an enormous prat in the aftermath. Let's call it a tie and start over. Leave it in the past if you truly want this collaboration to be successful. I know both of you are anxious to be rid of the Death Eaters. I am, too. They're getting too close for comfort, especially with the children." "And your threats aren't too close for comfort? Theo told me about two more attempted security breaches in the last month." Of course Theo did. "The fact that you two discuss me behind my back is aggravating." "If you want details, it happens overÑ" Hermione shoved him in the arm, which only made him laugh. "Don't act like you don't use Deloris to keep tabs on me." "That's not the point." "But it is. Just like the threats concerning my kids, they're also too close to youÑ" "I can protect myself. James, Al, and Lily can't. Malfoy's probably having similar thoughts about his family, hence his extensive attention to security." "You're right." "You're both on the same side with a common enemy." Hermione slid into the space next to him. "I'm not saying you need to be friends with Draco Malfoy, but there's more common ground than battleground. I don't know the extent of Malfoy's issues with Death Eaters, or what happened while they were in France, but from what little I do know, it was nasty business. I know everything with Molly and the kidsÉ it's been difficult for everyone. If Malfoy is paranoid enough to work a job for free to avoid being a sitting duck, I justÑ" "You really should have taken the liaison position before they offered it to Malfoy." Harry gave her a sidelong glance. "Would have made life easier." Hermione bumped his shoulder. "You'd just rather work with me over Malfoy. Admit it." "True, but also, you'd be good at it. You're capable of looking at an argument from both sides." "Perhaps, but I'm not always right, nor do I always have the right answer. I have my point of view, my perception, and itÕs not perfect. I think it's good that I'm not working with you." "Oh?" Harry's brow rose over the rim of his glasses. "I'm not a challenge for you. We've been through so much that we agree on most things. Even when we don't, we manage to find common ground. Malfoy is that different perspective, Harry, and he's also a test for you." For them both. ÒA test?Ó Harry's scoff was part annoyance and sceptical amusement. "That's an understatement." "Maybe so, but Theo said something that made me think. From working with his motherÑ and by extension himÑsometimes we need to be challenged to grow as people. It's the only way we learn and the only way you'll prove you're a capable leader to anyone who doubts you." They fell into a short, companionable silence while Harry reflected. She listened out for Al, who had a tendency to play in the sink when he was supposed to be washing his hands. She'd give him another minute. "You're right." He let out a deep sigh. "Any Malfoy advice?" "I've got no idea how to read himÑ" At her best friend's disbelief, she held up her hand. "No seriously, I don't. It's not like Malfoy to be up-front with anything. You basically had to stalk him around Hogwarts to glean information. What makes you think he's any different as an adult? We know less about him now than we did then." Harry wasnÕt ashamed by all of his past actions, only a few. HeÕd had his reasonsÑright or wrong. But then he turned his curious green eyes on her, not bothering to hide his continued scepticism. "Really? You seemed to have a handle on him in my office. He actually listened to you instead of calling you an idiot." She scoffed and rolled her eyes. "From what little he does know of me, not even Malfoy could, in good faith, call me an idiot. On any scale." He tossed back his head and laughed. Hermione couldn't help but smile. "That's true." Harry's crooked grin reminded her of Albus. "I think he's trying to figure you out, and he's stumped." A flare of unfamiliar warmth shot through her veins, but a quick rub at the back of her neck was her only outward reaction. ÒYou think so?" "Yeah, he watches you." Harry glanced at his watch as they both heard Al's footsteps approaching. "Malfoy's observant." "Yeah, but it's like he's waiting for you to say something that doesn't ring true or a point he can argue. Anyway, I should head back. I left Ginny to sort breakfast. James and Lily were arguing about who should get the last of the juice." Which meant Ginny was about to break both of their spirits and drink it all herself. In front of them. A lesson about compromise. Harry would likely return to a house of pouting children and a wife who was proud of herself. "One of us will come by and pick him up later." "Take your time." Hermione waved him off as Al made his appearance, holding the railing. His shirt was soaked. Hermione chuckled to herself as she went to the refrigerator to pull out eggs, bacon, and cameo apples Neville had brought by last weekend. Peering in her breadbox, she picked out the bread she'd just baked the previous morning. After using his wand to dry his son's shirt, Harry kneeled and hugged Al, who never ran from affection like James. His grin widened when his dad kissed him on the forehead. It was nice. Harry never once hesitated to show AlbusÑor any of his childrenÑthe affection he hadn't grown up with. "Have fun today." "I will, Dad!" Albus was at her side before Harry could leave through the Floo. Step stool acquired from the closet, the five-year-old was ready to crack the eggs. "Remember how I showed you?" Hermione placed the bowl in front of him and summoned a fork. "I can do it." Of course he could. She had no doubt about it. Fears and wariness around strangers aside, Al had an independent streak a kilometre long that he'd inherited from his father, along with a healthy dose of obstinacy from both of his parents. When Hermione handed him the egg, she stood behind him, not hovering, but watching as he gently tapped it on the edge of the countertop just like she'd taught him. Then he broke it open over the bowl. A little heavy-handed, as she quickly picked out a few shells, but overall, it had been a job well done. Hermione celebrated with him by letting him do the second egg. And third. In almost no time, she and Albus were eating breakfast at the table in the conservatory, enjoying the slow crawl of the sun across the morning sky. HeÕd settled into his normal bundle of content energy and was on his knees in his chair because it was easier for him to reach. AlÕs fork usage was spotty, at best, as he licked jam off his fingers and created a mess on his face. BetweenÑand sometimes duringÑbites, he chattered about every pertinent event from his week. Which was basically every second of every day. Hermione listened along as she ate, smiling when he told her about something good, asking questions that made his entire face light up, and making sure she looked engaged, even though she had no idea what he was saying during the parts the young boy sped through with frenetic energy. "Can I play with the chickies today?" Albus finished his apple juice, licking his lips. He was a sticky mess, but she let him be. For now. "Well, you happen to be in luck." His eyes widened in barely concealed excitement. "I've got to clean the coop out, so you'll need to feed them while I work, okay?" "Okay." "After we're done, we can weed the garden and water the plants in the greenhouse. How's that sound?" "Fun!" "So, when you finish up, you've got to clean your face and hands then we can get started, okay?" "Okay!" Hermione stood, picking up her dish and cup. "Don't forget to bring yours in when you're finished." "I won't!" Al beamed as he continued eating the last few bites of his meal. He dropped a piece of egg on his shirt, picked it up, and ate it. Boys. After shaking her head and chuckling at the sight of him licking the jam off his toast as opposed to eating it, Hermione gave him one last lingering look before leaving him there to happily finish his breakfast. It didn't take long. By the time she was putting her teacup away, Al came inside, balancing his breakfast dishes. She went to help, but he insisted he could do it himself. And she let him, moving his little step stool over in front of the sink so he could do his own washing. She made him wash his hands while she wet a fresh dish towel with warm water to wipe his face. Naturally, Al grouched and complained, but was good-natured about it once she told him the bugs were going to eat him up if he came outside smelling sticky sweet. Hermione clasped her hands together, snickering when he did the same. "What shall we do first?" Albus threw his hands up. "Chickies!" Hermione had never intended to own chickens, but the Muggle farmer next to her property was selling newly hatched chicks and she couldn't pass up the idea of fresh eggs every day. How hard could chickens be anyway? Famous last words. For the Brightest Witch of her Age, raising chicks was more of an undertaking than she'd anticipated. More than a few errors were made along the way, but once they were big enough in late February, Neville had built a dedicated area for them to roam (outside her garden), equipped with their own chicken coop. No one was happier than Pansy, who had threatened to end their friendship over the fact that she'd kept baby chicks in her spare bath for a month under warming charms while they were growing. They'd warded the coop against cold, weather, and predators, and the three chickens were thriving. Each of Harry's kids had named oneÑZazu, Iago, and Pink (courtesy of Lily's favourite colour and word). Al always asked if there were going to be more baby chickens for him to cuddle. The answer? Not if she could help it. At least, not right then. Hermione cleaned out the small coop and Vanished the mess, lining the floor with old Prophets and hay and refilling their water and feed with a wave of her wand. Meanwhile, Al fed the chickens scraps she'd given him, played with them, talked to them about anything he could think of, and walked around their enclosed area while they toddled after him. The sight was adorable, especially when he sat down and all three competed for his attention. He loved them all, looking deliriously happy. Soon they grew bored with him and started eating, but by then her task was complete. "Did you have fun?" Hermione asked once he ran over to her at the gate. Al nodded with a goofy grin, trailing after her out of the enclosure. "They're so big!" Hermione led the way back to her garden and helped him into his gloves before putting hers on. With a little direction, they worked under the rising sun. It was nice outside, the perfect day to be out, and Al was loving the fresh air. And the weed pulling. "Next time," Hermione told him as they worked, "they'll be a little bit bigger." Al gasped. "Bigger than me?" "No, never." Noting the look of relief on his face, she tapped her gloved finger against his nose, which made him giggle before he refocused on pulling the weeds. His small hands combined with the softer earth from the rain gave him just enough of what he needed to succeed. When he held up the weed to show her, root still intact, the look on his flushed face was pure pride. She grinned with him. "Good job, Al!" Using their hands and a bit of magic, they worked for almost two hours to complete the task. Or she did. Al ended up going back to the chicken enclosure to run around with them before flopping onto the magical hammock and napping in the breeze. When he woke, it was past noon and Al was ready for lunch. But first, he wanted to see if any of the fruit in the greenhouse was ripe enough to eat. To his disappointment, nothing was ready. She made sandwiches, cut up fruit, and packed crisps into a picnic basket before grabbing her outdoor blanket, sunglasses for them both, and allowing Al to carry the books he wanted to read. He picked a spot in the middle of the pasture that put them in the direct sun. Together, they laid out the multi-coloured blanket and sat with their legs folded under them as they ate. Al talked his heart out between bitesÑhe never got to say much around the much louder James or younger Lily. Here Al had a chance to speak his mind. Hermione enjoyed the warmth of the sun as she listened. It wasn't long after they finished that she stretched out on the blanket with a book held aloft, blocking the sun from blinding her, despite the tint of her sunglasses. Al curled up against her and laid his head on the crook of her arm as she read his favourite book to him for what felt like the hundredth time. Where The Wild Things Are. "And the wild things roared their terrible roars and gnashed their terrible teeth and rolled their terrible eyes and showed their terrible claws." Like he'd never heard it before, Al gasped and covered his eyes. "Do you want me to stop?" Hermione knew the answer. The little boy uncovered his eyes long enough to turn the page. "No." With a tiny grin, she continued until she finished and he clapped his small hands. She only sat up long enough to pick up the second book and place the first next to her. Al's second choice was a book she purchased for him called The Scaredy Squirrel. "I never leave my nut tree. It's way too dangerous out there. I could encounter germs, poison ivy, or sharks. If danger comes along, I'm prepared. I have antibacterial soap, Band-Aids, and a parachute." Albus giggled his way through the book, as always, and Hermione reminded herself to read him the second in the series next to normalise his fears, and help him overcome them one by one. Starting with the first one. His biggest one. The forest. He must have been gathering his nerves while she read. As soon as Hermione finished, Al got to his feet. "Can we walk now?" "Of course, love." They left their things at the blanket and walked towards the edge of the forest with the breeze blowing her hair, untamed as ever. Al was quiet, slipping his smaller hand into hers as he braved on, mouth set in determination. These walks were something he initiated. A challenge to himself. Her wards extended into the trees and James went into the forest all the time with Harry; Lily did too. Albus wanted to be brave enough to join them. So, they walked closer and closer to the place of his fears. Behind her sunglasses, Hermione watched him, reading the subtle cues he gave off and noting each milestone they made. The first part was always easiest, and he smiled up at her before running ahead. Until the point where he got a little nervous. Then he waited for her. Reached for her hand. Before long, he let her hand go long enough to pick up the marker of where they had last stopped, holding it as the forest loomed closer. Al was now slowly walking, lagging behind. Hermione slowed down with him. "It's okay, Al. We can stop." "I'm okay." She heard the tremble in his voice. Still, they pressed on, walking more than a hundred paces past the last marked spot before Al finally squeezed her hand and stopped. He was looking up at the tall trees. They were so close she could hear the sounds of the forest. Smell it. Al pushed the little Cannons flag they used as a marker into the soft earth as a reminder of how far they'd come. Hermione was bursting with pride for his new milestone, but today he seemed sadder than usual. And she had an inkling as to why. Disappointment. "Come now, sit." Hermione tugged him down gently. They both sat right there on the same path they did every other Saturday. Al was facing her, looking closer to tears than she'd seen him in a long time. Frustration. Hermione lifted his chin with her finger, using her thumb to rub his flushed cheek and wipe away the tear that slipped from under his sunglasses. "You've done brilliant, Albus." When he shrugged sadly and more frustrated tears fell, she took off his sunglasses and tucked them into his shirt. His lip quivered as he struggled not to cry. "You know I think you're brave, right?" Al's pouty face scrunched up adorably. "But I'm scared and James says I'm a baby andÑ" "You're scared, yet you walk with me anyway. That makes you brave." His eyes widened in child-like wonder. "It does?" "Yes!" Hermione patted her knees and he crawled into her lap; he was almost too big. One day he would be for those moments and it made her momentarily sad. Nostalgic. She wrapped him in a comforting hug and his small arms wound around her. "You're brave because you get scared, but keep going. You never give up." It was what she loved best about Al: his determination. He reminded her so much of Harry. "My dad says never give up and I won't." No, he wouldn't. Hermione was more confident of that than she was of most things. She held him in silence, stroking his hair as he went through his emotions about not making it. When Al started to stir, she asked, "When we get there, what do you want to do first?" "Climb trees!" It was the same answer he gave every visit and he sounded much better than he had before. "And that's what we'll do. Your dad and Neville will build you, James, and Lily the best treehouse. I'll bring you sandwiches and juice while you three play." "But what if it's not James or Lily?" Hermione frowned. "Who else would you play with in your treehouse?" Albus thought about it for a long minute. "I don't knowÉ a friend?" The rest of the day passed too quickly. Hermione enjoyed every second of the energy Albus brought into her house. His presence kept her focused; it kept the troubling thoughts about a second boy at bay. For now. She continued her morning reading by the stream in front of her house, watching him play and splash around in the lazy flowing water that went to the knees of the jeans she'd rolled up in a failed effort to keep them dry. He was less occupied with rock collecting, more interested in attempting to catch the small fish that avoided him at all costs. Much to her horror, Albus had, however, caught a small frog and brought it into the house. Then lost it. It took ten minutes of panic before Hermione found it, and together they sent it back home into the great outdoors. "Bye, Mr Frog." Al waved enthusiastically as it hopped towards the water's edge. Neville would have been amused. Hermione tested him on the names of plants she'd taught him on his last visit and added some new ones. Al was intelligent and, most importantly, motivated to learn. They worked on reading, addition and subtraction, and the schoolwork that he was struggling with. She even approached the tough subject of school itself. "No one likes me," Albus confessed with a shrug. His eyes were shining with unshed tears as he cuddled against her on the sofa. "I try." "I like you, andÉ" Hermione trailed off with a smile tinged with sadness, occupied by fresh thoughts of Scorpius. "I know another boy out there who will like you, too." That grabbed his attention. "Really? A friend?" "Maybe." Hermione held onto Albus a little tighter and rested her cheek on his messy brown hair. "Do you want to know about him?" "Yes." Hermione tapped her finger against her chin. "Hmm, he's five, like you." Al's face broke into a grin while she found herself scrambling to recall little details about Scorpius. Admittedly, she didn't know him well. "He likes books." "I like books, too!" Ruffling his hair, Hermione smiled softly. "Yes, you do, love. But he's quiet. He doesn't talk." "Why not?" "I don't know." It was an honest answer, if not a complete one. Al remained in pensive silence for several seconds longer than expected. Then he nodded like he'd made a decision. "What is it?" "I can be friends." "Oh? What do you know about being friends?" "Being nice and sharing andÑandÑcan we count now?" Hermione laughed at the abrupt change of subject. "Sure, but why so suddenly?" Albus blushed. "I want to get it right so I can show my new friend." There were moments when she found herself in awe of Albus Potter. It boggled her mind how anyone could make fun of someone so kind. Children were cruel sometimes, but not Al. So Hermione counted to twenty with him in French and GermanÑsomething he'd learned in the nursery school he hatedÑand even let him pick out a film to watch. Not that it mattered. Al fell asleep before the opening credits, tuckered out from his day. Harry returned to collect him right when Hermione finished making him a treat for the next day. His favourite: lemon cake with strawberries. She'd made enough to share with his siblings, and she was certain there was plenty for him. "How was he?" Harry asked after he crept past his son. The telly in the corner of the room next to the fireplace was muted. Al was still bundled under the blanket she'd covered him with earlier. "Excellent as usual. We made it closer today." "Yeah?" Harry's proud smile reminded her so much of Albus. She nodded and handed him the container with the cake. "Yes, just over a hundred paces closer. It's the biggest jump he's made since he started, but he's frustrated." Hermione paused. "I need to talk to you about something." Which made Harry grow serious. "Not about Al, he's great, butÉ I think I have a solution to your socialisation problem." "Oh?" "You're not going to like it." Hermione glanced over at the sleeping figure. "But I think he needs a smaller space to meet a friend. One-on-one. It may boost his confidence. I have a suggestion." Then she smiled. "Hermione, the last time you looked like that I ended up on an albino dragon." "But did you die?" Harry winced. "I mean, technically Ñ" He looked around the room, ignoring the well-deserved glare. Finally, his acquiescence came in the form of a sigh. "Fine, who is it?" "Malfoy's son is his age." His recoil was comically dramatic. "Is that why you made a cake? Ginny said you made sad pie when I took Al to the planetarium." "Partially, and it wasn't completely sad. Blueberry is Lily's favourite. I already know what you're going to say, but if I could state my argument. I think it would be a good idea." He ran his hand through his hair three times then huffed. "Look, Dean already says he's a lot different from Malfoy, which is fine. Okay, I'm not going to say no because his dad is a wanker who's decided to be moderately tolerant in the last week. But do you honestly think either of us will survive a playdate? Much less scheduling one?" No, but she would pay all the Galleons in her vault to witness that conversation. Hermione was barely able to hold back her amusement at the mental picture. "Al's already excited." Harry looked even more stressed. "Oh, Merlin! I'm doomed." "You're being dramatic. I could host?" The look he gave her was long-suffering at best. "I make no promises for a quick turnaround, but I'll discuss it with Gin, then I suppose I'll approach Malfoy." He looked like he'd rather drink magma from the core of the Earth. "If it happens, you have to stay." Hermione just laughed. "Don't threaten me with a good time." When Hermione stepped out of the Floo, it was just after nine. Too late to be considered evening but too early to be called night; a weird, nameless time between the two. The MalfoysÕ home was exactly the same as always. Cold. Empty. Quiet. Devoid of character and identity. It wasn't a home. Just brick and wood, held together by nails and plaster, constructed into a nicely furnished dwelling, albeit divided. Truth was easier to ignore in the early hours of morning. Easier not to look at the lack of personality in favour of putting on the kettle and cooking, with Malfoy serving as an opinionated distraction in glasses. Easier still to ignore the plain walls when Narcissa complained about each meal while simultaneously enjoying the food, even during her irritable moments when she was snappish, when she stared at nothing. Even easier to ignore a home that was too sterile when Scorpius waited for her to move his glass from right to left, and watched her until she waved goodbye like it meant something to him. It was beginning to mean more to her. There was life in those moments. Hope. She never saw it in the moment, too caught up in analysis and action, but even in darkness, hope could be found. She just had to look for it. And keep finding it each day, during each interaction. Hermione applied to her own life and struggles, and now with the Malfoys. SheÕd discovered tendrils of it in uncanny places, reaching for her. It breathed new life into her spirit and strengthened her bones. But there was also something to be said about the hope found in healing. It made the days easier for Hermione, who needed each tiny shred of it. Without hope, there was no determination. Without determination, there was nothing. And having nothing would make her job very, very hard. Nothing wouldn't provide the inspiration Narcissa needed to fight to accomplish her goals. No matter how much Hermione disagreed with some of them. She persisted. Though crippled and barely visible, Hermione held onto each string of hope to see past the bleak grief, past the loneliness and pain, and past the family's problems. Problems that flowed like a river: on and on, in search of a sea it never found. All it did was gather sediments, which were slowly muddying the waters of her opinions, and those waters could only be purified by looking through the lens of the distance that separated them. Hermione sighed to the empty room. Tonight it felt extra cold and lonely. Enough to propel Hermione in the direction of Narcissa's quarters. Just before she knocked, a slice of light down the hall drew her attention. Malfoy's office. The light meant that the door was open. He was home. Odd. Hermione had every intention of ignoring it and him. She planned to knock on Narcissa's door and be accepted into the room by Keating. But, as it often did, curiosity got the better of her. With light, careful steps, she made sure not to announce herself too soon on the creaking wood. A strange feeling accompanied her, building with each step down a dimly lit hall, keeping her close to the blank wall. Her mind began to spin in anticipation of what she might see as dozens of scenarios played in her head. Malfoy in his glasses working. Or reading. Or scowling as he prepared to shut the door in her face. Maybe he would talk. Or argue. Or not even look up when he flexed the fingers needed to spell the door shut. Anything was possible. In the end, reality was different from anything she had anticipated. What she happened upon was mind-bogglingly normal, yet the sight blew all her working knowledge of him out of the water. Malfoy stood beside the chair in front of his desk that faced the door with a hand on his chin. His emerald signet ring stood out amongst the black of his clothing. There was a frown marring his expression, not angry but hesitant. It gave Hermione pause. She was used to seeing cold annoyance and defensiveness coupled with confidence and an unidentifiable bit of him that made Hermione want to slap him. But this vacant expression of doubt? Indecision? Fear? This was new. Malfoy looked as if he were attempting advanced Arithmancy with no parchmentÑan impossible feat. Hermione stepped closer, finally seeing whatÑno, who Ñwas the reason behind the expression. Scorpius. Wearing navy pyjamas with gold snitches racing around, he had fallen asleep in the oversized chair with his knees drawn to his chest and a familiar dictionary open, haphazardly pressed against the cushion, pages wrinkled. Hermione silently tsked at his bare feet, noting one was tucked under the other. He was probably cold. His little head was angled against the cushion, hair sleep-mussed, and thumb in his mouth. He was sleeping peacefully in the most uncomfortable position. Hermione smiled. Children had a habit of falling asleep anywhere. Would Malfoy leave him there? Slowly and carefully, Malfoy extracted the dictionary from his son's grip, freezing when Scorpius shifted as he brought his second arm around himself. But then he settled again. Malfoy seemed to calculate each move before he made it. He quietly shut the book and placed it on his desk without making a sound. With that out of the way, he adjusted his glasses and returned to how Hermione had found him. Hand on his chin, mouth tight, brows furrowed. He focused on Scorpius much like he did his crosswords. Then he moved. Only now, with the book gone, he wasn't nearly as confident, nor did he appear to have a clear plan. Hermione watched as he reached, paused, moved towards Scorpius again, then wavered. It was a dance of contemplation, of uncertainty, one where Malfoy never hazarded too close but didn't venture too far either. What he was trying to do dawned on Hermione so suddenly she felt silly for not realising it all along. Malfoy was trying to plot, calculate, and solve one problem. His only problem. How could he pick up Scorpius without waking him? It was hilariouslyÉ ordinary. Strange. Woefully human. Hermione bit her lip to push back a myriad of reactions that blended together, melted into shocked amusement, and then evaporated. There was a wall around him that kept everyone outÑa thick one built and reinforced with years of commitment. Seeing him awkwardly try to figure out how to pick up Scorpius felt like an invasion of privacy, a step beyond a different line. There was wading closer to the MalfoysÕ storm and then there was launching herself into the eye of it. Not the most strategic or the wisest of moves. Rather than wait until he noticed her, she left Malfoy to it, but didn't move fast enough to miss hearing him sigh before crouching next to the chair. He hesitantly brushed Scorpius' tousled blond fringe from his forehead in one swipe that didn't accomplish his mission. It shouldn't have made her pulse skip, but it did. Malfoy was his father, but seeing such a parental act wasÉ different. Outside a smiling photo on his desk, she had never seen a softer side of him; she doubted many had. A sleeping child served as the instrument that smoothed his edges. That wasÉ Hermione flexed her hands, not realising how tense and stiff she'd gotten until she tore her eyes away to take those first steps back towards Narcissa's room. She ran a hand over her hair, took a second breath. A third and fourth. Hermione knocked on the door and Keating opened it immediately. ÒHi.Ó It wasn't long after her walk-through and update that she found herself reviewing notes Keating had already taken, catching words like hallucination and restless legs. "How is she doing tonight?" "Just went to sleep not an hour ago after Draco-inspired agitation." Keating shook her head, leaning in to gossip, which meant she was comfortable. "Apparently, he refused a second marriage date with a witch she liked. Sent her into quite a state because he wouldn't tell her what he didn't like about her." "Interesting." Hermione redirected a displaced thought. "How did she tolerate the evening potion?" "Despite not being a fan of the taste, she took it well. Do you want to see her readings for the day? She looks even, right on the baseline youÕve provided of where she should be." Keating turned to retrieve the care plan Hermione had created, but Hermione stopped her. "No, I have the master parchment in my office. I only came tonight to check on things and see how you were settling in. Nights aren't easy." Hermione shifted. "I couldn't help but glance at your notes. Hallucinations? Did she have an episode?" "Oh." Keating made a small gesture like it was hard for her to explain. "No, she didn't. Sachs and I agreed on this schedule because I'm better at handling her when she does hallucinate, which happens more at night, according to the research you included in your care manualÉ and also from experience." She had read that part, which was nice to know. Comforting, because nights had been difficult for NarcissaÑand for her as well. "That's true, yes, but why did you write it down?" "I've been around Narcissa long enough to know when she's seeing something she shouldn't. It doesn't always happen in the confines of her episodes, which areÑas you knowÑ very intense." Hermione agreed with a tired nod. "Normally, her hallucinations don't agitate her, but when she sees something distressing, that's when I've witnessed more dramatic episodes. Do you know if she wandered off while I was away?" "She's with security all the time when she leaves the house. They haven't reported anything to me." "Good." Keating took a relieved breath. "Narcissa has wandered off a few times over the last year. I don't know what the trigger is. It's impossible to find her, but Draco always manages to." Duly noted. "As far as her wandering goes, the trigger could be anything." Even in the Muggle form of the disease, the severity and path varied from person to person and could still change once she had established a baseline, that much Hermione remembered in her extensive readings. "How can you tell she's hallucinating?" "She looks off to the side mainly. Like she's looking at someone sitting next to her. Or at least that's how I could tell before she realised I noticed such things. She hides it much better now." "Why would she hide it?" "I think whoever she sees is a comfort for her." Finding comfort in a hallucination was disturbing. "You noted restless legs as well? Her evening potions are designed to combat this." "They do, but I observed her while she was asleep not long before you came and noticed that while her readings show that she's entering into a deep sleep, she's tossing and turning and her legs are restless. I'll monitor her through the night and make notes." Her statement was correct. Readings could only show so much. There was a human element of care that Hermione couldn't do by herself day in and day out. "You should head home, Miss Granger." Keating gave her a matronly smile. "You don't work weekends, but you do work exhaustive hours during the week: brewing, researching, monitoring her condition, and cooking meals. I know you're not used to having help, but it's our job to handle the in between. Go and enjoy the rest of your weekend. Our weekly meetings are on Mondays, yes?" Hermione was slightly mystified. "Ah, yes. Okay, thank you. Have a good night." "You, too." Possible clashing with Sachs aside, she was happy to have the Palliative Care teamÑa shift in her original opinion on the matter. The month alone had shown her that Narcissa's case was intricate and ever-changing. Caregiving was more than one person. It involved the sort of teamwork Hermione had never required with other assignments. Perhaps a change from the status quo wouldn't be so horrible. They had already provided a different perspective, more information, and fresh eyes. When Hermione shut the door behind her with a soft click, her eyes automatically went to where that light caught her attention for the second time. No. It was none of her business. She was finished for the night, heading home to prepare for tomorrow's brewing of Wolfsbane for Padma's patients, but all in all, her work at the Malfoys was done. Hermione repeated this as she took step after step away from the light that called to her curiosity. Hermione made it all the way to the Floo, had her hand on the container and was fully determined to (for once in her damn life ) not be so bloody nosy, andÑ "You're not supposed to be here today," Malfoy said from behind her in a low voice that sounded like distant thunder. She hadn't heard him coming, so the fact that he was suddenly there startled Hermione so badly she knocked the container off the hearth. It shattered. In one swift motion, she whirled around, words positioned for exit, andÑ Then the fire was snuffed out. Like magic. Because in his arms was Scorpius, and he was asleep. Time awkwardly continued to stretch on long enough for her to pick apart the sight in front of her. Malfoy looked stiff. One hand was on his son's back, the other under his bottom. Scorpius' head was nestled in the crook of Malfoy's neck, turned away. Hermione couldn't tell if the visible tension rolling off Malfoy had to do with the fact that Scorpius was heavy or because she was there. Both? Silence quickly lost its appeal. "I'll justÉ" She turned to repair the broken Floo Powder container. After it was mended, Hermione placed it back where it belonged and slowly turned back to the man who was still waiting. "HaveÑ" Scorpius turned his head, exhaling a word that changed the entire course of Hermione's night. "Mum." She would have broken the container again had she not been holding it so tight because she jolted at his soft, mumbling voice. Malfoy peered at Scorpius, more confused than anything. Nearly breathless, Hermione tried to regain control of her racing heart. "Did he justÑ" "No." "Mummy." Her inhale was loud, she couldn't help it. The sharp stab of pain felt like a knife to the gut. It twisted further when she heard a pained, choked-off sob come from the boy. No tears. He was dreaming. Hermione ached for him without restriction. Focus strictly on Scorpius, she vaguely recognised the sound of both her bag and wand hitting the floor as she approached them slowly, carefully. Malfoy didnÕt move. Never stopped looking at Scorpius. Never lifted his head. He wasÉ there. A blank husk. A part of the background in the scene before her. Frozen to the spot. What little colour he had drained from his face as a heaviness settled like a solid weight. It appeared to drag him down when Scorpius kept pitifully calling for his mother, squirming and breathing heavily while Malfoy just blinked over and over. He just held on as best as he could. Overwhelmed. Lost. Exhausted. When Hermione gripped his arm, Malfoy finally moved to recoil from her touch. It became apparent by the deep, ragged breath he took that had he not been so shocked by her presence, had he been able to move, he would have retreated. The entire incident would have been another thing they didn't speak about. One Hermione would ever forget. Malfoy tried to speak, but ScorpiusÕ moan crumbled her heart all over again. Taking an uneven breath of her own, she did what came natural. She helped them both. The shushing noise did nothing except make Malfoy tense so badly he vibrated. Hermione remained calm, tentatively laying her hand on the top of Scorpius' blond head; his hair was as soft as it looked. "You're okay." He instantly fell silent. After catching a glimpse of Malfoy's surprise, emboldened by success, Hermione got closer, ignoring his gaze in favour of continuing, running gentle fingers through Scorpius' hair. Words her mother used to say when she was a child came to her slowly. "AsÉ as the day turns to night, keep your worries out of sight." Scorpius steadily continued to settle. "Close your eyes and go to sleep for all the good times are yours to keep." Malfoy carefully adjusted him and she followed the action, keeping contact and connection as she stroked his hair and whispered nothing noises until he finally went still. The ensuing silence was more than awkward and deafening, it was unbearable. But Hermione waited it out before taking a hesitant step back. "Y-you should take him to bed." Without argument, Malfoy left, but his steps were not as silent. Hermione didn't watch him go. She couldn't. Instead, she picked up her wand and bag, tossed them both on the chair, and sat down on the sofa, feeling emotionally spent. She didn't leave. Time passed as she waited for Malfoy to return. Five minutes turned into fifteen. By twenty, Hermione was on her feet, ready to find him, but Malfoy returned. He looked pale and haggard; exhausted in a way that looked just as soul deep as it was physical, but his eyes still had that sharpness to them, one that told her to tread very lightly. All she wanted to do was the opposite. "We should talk." They ended up in his office with Hermione sitting in the same chair Scorpius had fallen asleep in hours before. Only now it faced Malfoy, who sat behind his desk, paying no mind to the fact that she was hurling fire at him. He remained focused on his task, sweeping silver eyes back and forth between writing on parchment and reading from probably the oldest book she had ever seenÑso old he had to be delicate about turning the pages, which he'd only done once in the last thirty minutes. As a person with a deep respect for books, Hermione appreciated the care he took, but as someone who had her questions crafted, listed, categorised, and ready to be askedÉ She wasn't in the mood for games. It was late and Hermione was both mentally and physically depleted. Unfortunately, that didn't mean her mind rested while she watched him work. Hermione looked around, taking in things she'd missed on her first visit. A broom mounted to his wall. A framed Falmouth Falcons shirt. More books caught her attention, of course, but not on his wall-to-wall shelves. There were eight books on his desk that looked just as old and dusty as the written word itself. The animal hide covers were so faded she could hardly read the titles. She had already tried reading the pages he appeared to be copyingÑno, translating Ñover a dozen times, but Hermione wasn't skilled enough to read his handwriting right side up, much less upside down. It wasnÕt in a language she could speak. Hermione wanted to be able to translate him with the same ease. For no reason beyond being able to communicate with him in the only language he seemed to understand. His own. Malfoy worked, his energy nearly sapped. His current appearance made the version of him who'd taken two of the three potions with him when he left the room seem healthy and full of vigour. There was a tremble in Malfoy's hands that he kept flexing through, kept trying to steady. He rubbed his eyes beneath his glassesÑeyes that were heavier than ever before now that she was paying enough attention to notice. He'd already nodded off three times while writing. Hermione pretended not to notice the simple truth that he was running low on fumes. And the whisky that floated next to him wasn't helping matters. Why he insisted on pushing himself so hard, Hermione had no idea. "You like your silences just as tactical as Theo does, I see." Malfoy's quill stopped. "I actually find the way he starts conversations annoying as hell." He sat the quill down before finally looking up. Hermione nearly cringed at the dark circles under his eyes. "Frankly, my head is pounding and I was merely waiting for you to begin." And just like that, her well-prepared list of questions vanished, leaving Hermione at a loss for words. "I don't know where to start." "It's obvious where you want to start." Malfoy grabbed his floating whisky glass and finished it in one go, taking a breath after quickly grimacing. "No need to wait. Go on and tell me I'm a failure of a father." He wanted her to say that? Actually, no. Expected it. The bait had been laid out so perfectly, but every instinct in her told her to leave it. "I don't know your situation beyond what I see, but Scorpius needs help. Therapy at the very minimum. My department has a Paediatric Healer." "I'll speak to my mother about it." He rubbed the stiffness from his jawÑor tried to. There was a certain detachment in his tone that made her frown. Those were words he said a lot. Said to placate. Said to end conversations. "She handles his daily activities for now." For now. Hermione managed to stifle all but one of her comments. "Your same mother whose treatment of him is just as rigid as his schedule?" There was more Hermione wanted to say, but the hardening of his expression made it clear that she had to backtrack. "Forget that. Let's start with what happenedÑ" "That hasn't happened before, as far as I know. Sometimes he wakes after he's gone to bed and sits in my office until he falls asleep. He stares at me. My mother can't stand it, butÑ" He pinched the bridge of his nose yet again. "I haven't, IÕm tryingÑ" Malfoy stopped himself short of divulging more than he wanted to say, but she already had a good guess. Even if Scorpius had been upset in his sleep, Malfoy would not know because he wasn't there. And he really hadn't with his overnight canvassing trips in Wales. Hermione waited in brittle silence as he poured himself at least two fingers, but didn't drink it. He just stared at the liquid before placing it on the table. Malfoy removed his glasses and sat them on top of the stack of books, massaging his eyes so roughly it made her cringe. Resting his elbow on his desk, he ran a rough hand through his hair multiple times and rubbed the back of his neckÑit was surely stiff. The Healer in her was listing off symptoms to a condition she already knew he had. Mental exhaustion on top of physical. Strain. She leaned back in her chair. "How's your stomach?" "Stop diagnosing me." The glare she earned was worth it. "Stop giving me a reason to lace your whisky with a sedative and go to bed. You're beyond exhausted, Malfoy, and I meant what I said before. You're no use to anyone like this." "ThereÑ" "I have a lot of things I wish to discuss with you, but I can't say anything because you look like death." Malfoy yawned, irritated by the outward signs of his fatigue, but even his own emotions fell flat. Limp. "For what you did for him, I suppose I owe you a favour." She frowned. "You know, a thank you would have sufficed, but I won't turn down your help. Favour or otherwise." "Fine. If you'll excuse me, I have a Portkey toÑ" "Sorry what? " There was no possible way that he could even function another day without sleep. "When's the last time you actually slept, Malfoy?" His jaw clenched and Hermione rolled her eyes at his stubborn stupidity. But she took a patient breath. She could do this. "You're not my patient, Malfoy, but you're clearly not fit to do anything except sleep. IÑ" And the words of her half-detailed argument died in her mouth when he stood, grabbed the floating whisky glass, and took it with him across the room to the sofa in front of the fireplace. Hermione got to her feet when he sat, feeling a wave of frustration course through her veins like fire with nowhere to go. "You do what you want, Malfoy. I'll just go." The battle between them looked like it would be one of attrition. And right now it was too close to call. "Close the door on your way out." Hermione would have. Really. She'd even opened the door to leave. But the sound of glass touching wood made it to her ears. She heard the sofa's low creak under his weight as he shifted. A noise that sounded something like resignation escaped Malfoy only moments before he laid downÉ Kicked off his shoes And gave in. Hermione moved. That Malfoy was asleep and breathing deeply by the time she stood over him was the truest testament to his exhaustion. On his side and knees bent, he used his arms for a pillow. He was fully dressed but had no blanket for warmth. And while the sofa was just long enough for him to stretch to his full height, it wasn't a bed. The sight was as lonely as Scorpius looking out the window. She gave a mournful exhale for his inevitable aches and pains. "You'll be hurting in the morning for sure." Maybe she would leave a potion for him on the island. Not that he would take it, but perhaps a night on the sofa would make him more apt to comply. " Definitely should sleep in a bed." It was a joke, but Malfoy's mumbled words followed her like a shadow, growing heavier until they ached. They stayed after she found a throw blanket to cover him with. Waited while she turned off the lights and shut the door. Haunted her in the echoing space between awareness and sleep. "I can't." He's just a boy, pretending to be a wolf, pretending to be king. Maurice Sendak Chapter End Notes A/N: I just wanted to take a moment to thank you for reading thus far. I had so much fun writing Al with his little anxious self. Wanted to keep his voice childish and thanks to my beta for having a kid his age, who is very much like Albus. So sweet. And lastly the two lost Malfoys. Draco's first overt moment of vulnerability. He's doing his best. Art for this chapter: Hermione & Her Chickens by meriyart & Hermione & Scorpius by MeaghanLH Chapter 10:Sanctuary Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Ten Sanctuary May 22, 2011 Patience and understanding were key ingredients in both cooking and life. It was about understanding the basic, raw ingredients and how to balance tastes, textures, and flavours to create meals. She needed an endless amount of both to deal with her patient. But with a sigh, she reminded herself that like each meal, each interaction with Narcissa was a fresh start. Hermione raised the heat, added minced beef, and stirred, breaking up the meat as it browned. Like people, no two recipes were the same, and that sentiment extended to the Malfoy family. Narcissa was a dish that was delicate but potent; the flavours came out one by one over time. Though she had some understanding of Scorpius' texture, she was still trying to guess his composition. There was a sweetness to him that was natural. He clashed with Narcissa's potency and she didn't know how he blended with his father. Draco Malfoy was something all his own. Strong like Narcissa, he wasn't at all delicate, just convoluted. A flavour symphony that teetered between sweet and sour or bland and spicy. How could anyone make those contrasts blend into something congruent? After lowering the temperature to let it simmer for the recommended amount of time, Hermione checked the parchment for notes from Sachs. There were only two. Narcissa didn't like the pre-made breakfast. She prefers it fresh. It wasn't the insult it was intended to be. She will be attending dinner with the Greengrass family and Scorpius. Interesting. She wondered if Malfoy spoke to her about their conversation. Or if he was even awake. The query lingered while Hermione scheduled her next meeting with Charles to check in regarding the adjusted potions. But each time she stirred the Bolognese sauce, the thought about blending flavours and Malfoys returned. Her reason for thinking about the rest of them at all was because of Narcissa. They were her family, her motivation, and though she was partly responsible for the friction, it would wear on her over time. No matter how unaffected she seemed. And that wouldn't do. The only way to relieve it would be to strip the three apart and focus on each independently. Which meant a little closer look at the one that hadn't ventured too far from her mind sinceÑ Pansy popped into her living room dressed in a black and white polka dot dress with a peach rose tucked behind her ear and her hair pulled back into a ponytail. She lowered her sunglasses before frowning at the sight of Hermione cooking. "I was planning on Granger-napping you to take you out to dinner, but you look like an orphan that's been rolling around in dirt all day." Hermione laughed. "I've had a productive day." The sauce was nearly done and it was time to start the pasta. "Are you staying for dinner?" "Every one of your days is productive. As for your dinner invitationÉ" Dramatic as usual, Pansy inclined her chin, touching it delicately with two fingers, appearing wistful. "Seeing as I'm such a good friend, I must keep you company. I suppose I'llÑ" "I've chilled a bottle of Chianti to go with it." Pansy put her purse down. "Say no more, Granger. You don't need to work so hard to convince me to stay." Hermione rolled her eyes, but smiled at her ridiculousness, noting that the water was now boiling, perfect for the linguini. "You're making that al dente, right?" "Yes." For someone who couldn't cook, Pansy certainly had specific tastes. She removed her sunglasses and gracefully took her seat on a barstool across from Hermione, who was preparing their salads. "How has your day been?" "Busy. I've got two parties to plan. A small one for Draco's birthday that I'm forcing on him because he'll only turn thirty-one once. And a much larger one for Summer Solstice at Theo's next month." Pansy threw parties like toddlers threw tantrums. One for every holiday and birthday. Really, she barely needed an excuse. Organising every detail of an eventÑright down to the mandatory magically binding non-disclosure agreement, with an added clause for privacy protectionÑgave Pansy something to do when she was bored and in need of stimuli. It also gave her the connection with people she'd never admit to needing. Whenever Pansy was morose, or when dark thoughts she'd never confess to having made an appearance, the answer was to plan a party. "What's the theme of the solstice party?" "Floral and bohemian. It'll be outside in the clearing behind TheoÕs family's country estate so I'm thinking of a place for people to dance, music, light hors d'oeuvres, tables set up under the trees with fairy lights and candles floating above them. Nothing fancy or elaborate." She waved her hand. "Of course, there will be flowers incorporated into all the decorations which might take time. But really. It'll be simple." It didn't sound simple. Hermione stirred the pasta. "Uh-huh, how many people?" "A fair amountÉ perhaps two or three hundred?" "I don't even know a hundred people I want to be at a party with." "Draco said the same thing when I approached him about putting a Stonehenge replica behind the estate. There's enough room and the clearing is perfect to view it as if you were there. Only with less Muggles. It's a social gathering, Hermione. Don't be dull." Then she smiled too wide. It made Hermione suspicious. She glared. "What do you want?" "Two favours." "It depends." "Nothing elaborate." Pansy rolled her eyes. "I just want a vial of your inhibition potion for the drinks, as I won't be serving wine. The potion was such a hit at my Winter Solstice party. The guests said they didn't feel any different." The request was easy, even if the potion was not. Potions that lowered a person's reserves were complicated, couldn't be rushed, and took a long time to makeÑlikely why Pansy had put in the request a month early. Too much and they lost their free will, acting purely on instinct. Too little and they were ineffective. Just right and they would be freer with their words and a bit bolder with their actions. "I'll do it, how long do you want it to last?" That was an entirely different set of variables she would have to account for. "I'm thinking until the Last LightÑthe last moment of daylight. The official end of the solstice. Make it strong enough for me to consider speaking to ChoÉ voluntarily." "Like I did for Winter Solstice but slightly stronger? You said hello to Cho at Winter Solstice, and you were cheerful about it." Pansy pouted. "Don't remind me." Hermione checked the timer for the pasta. "What's the second favour?" "Oh, nothing strenuous." Pansy's pause sounded more strategic than necessary. "You could invite the Weasley brother with table manners." "Percy?" "Is that his name?" Pansy was all wide-eyed innocence. "I hardly remember." Hermione glared at her friend, who had found something particularly interesting about the jade green cabinets, but decided to let Pansy stew in her own denial. She could wait until they'd both had a couple of glasses of Chianti. Her lips would be a little looser. Pansy checked her fingernails. "I suppose his company won't be intolerable." "Am I asking him to the party itself or as your date? The former I'll do, the latter I won't." "The former. I'll give you the invitation tomorrow." Hermione summoned everything she needed, turned off the cooker, and set it all up in the sink to strain. Once the pasta was ready, Hermione began the process of plating. She carried the plates and cutlery out to the conservatory while Pansy grabbed what was important to her: wine and glasses. Soon they were eating and drinking with the sunset as a backdrop. Pansy finished her first glass before she even started eating. "How's Narcissa been since the potions debacle?" "Who told you about it?" "Theo told me that Draco figured it out." That path of communication seemed accurate. "That's correct. She's not had any issues since." Hermione glanced at the darkening sky and took a sip of wine. "Speaking of, we should have a conversation about Narcissa since you're here." She expected caginess from Pansy, but got something else. "I've been waiting for this for nearly a month. I'm surprised you took this long." "I was a bit busy trying to figure out what the hell was wrong with her and why she started declining right after I changed her potions. Forgive me for not being quicker." "You're forgiven." Pansy tapped her finger on the table. "What do you want to know?" "What I want to know and what you're willing to divulge are two different things." "ThatÕs correct, but I'm willing to make an exception." "How gracious," Hermione said sarcastically. "You are doing me a couple of favours. Not to mention the fact that I yelled at you about not taking her case. Would be pointless for me to not help. Besides, the last month or so of her ranting about youÑwell, outside of her mood swings and the fact that she calls me Bella all the time, which is just as horrifying as it soundsÑhas been interesting at best." Hermione just blinked at the information. "And here I was thinking we were becoming great friends." Pansy laughed. "Narcissa did say that I remind her of herself, though I'm certain that was a backhanded comment." "Or maybe it was a compliment." "Doubtful," Hermione replied with a dry chuckle. "From what she's told you, what do youÑ" "Look, I'll be honest with you. I love Narcissa. She's been something like a second mother to me, but she likes things done a particular way, and she's not used to relinquishing control. Especially not as much as you're asking her to give up." "Sooner or later, she'll have to. Either by choice or the disease will take it from her. I'm trying to make her realise that she needs to make adjustments in her life now to prepare for this change. She cannot be in control of everythingÑ" "And she should, but look at it from her perspective. You're asking her to change a lot in a very short amount of time. You're asking her to give up a large piece of who she is." "I didn't say she had to completely give up on society, in fact. I'm going to observe her book reading tomorrow just to see how she is when she doesn't know I'm around. My reason for asking her to step back is that at some point, her disease won't let her operate at the capacity she does now. She'll have to stop running Scorpius' education, society events, everything. I'm trying to help ease her into that transition, butÑ" "Don't you think she knows this?" Pansy sat her fork on the plate and leaned back. "She knows that she'll decline to the point where she won't know herself or anyone else. I think she's taking comfort in the routine before she has to come to grips with reality." "I understand that, butÑ" "There's the second issue. You. But you can't change yourself." Hermione tilted her head. "Me?" "A little insight on Narcissa. People treat her one of three ways." Pansy held up one manicured finger. "One: with respectful reverence she has earned through her name, wealth, fame, or her philanthropy since the war. Two : with scorn and contempt. Even though Lucius died, the Manor has been burning for thirteen years, and they're prime targets for Death Eaters. Some people don't feel that the Malfoys have suffered enough. Or three : with awkward confusion. Like they have no idea how to feel about her." ÒSeems accurate.Ó "YouÉ don't fit into any of those categories, Granger. She's also not used to anyone speaking to her the way you have." Pansy shook her head before laughing to herself. "Did you really tell her that you wouldnÕt play a role? Knowing you, everything she has accused you of saying is true. Also, Draco confirmed it." Ah, so he had heard. Hermione shrugged. "She gave unsolicited advice like she didn't expect a challenge, but I have never backed down from one." "In that part of your life, yes. Everything else?" Pansy gave her a meaningful glare that Hermione returned just as stubbornly. "Speaking of challengesÉ Do you think you'll be able to regulate her condition?" "It's too soon to tell after the mishap. The potions have helped so far. At the very least, she's sleeping better. But she's not exactly forthcoming about any symptoms she does experience. That needs to change." "Give her time. She'll come around." "Whether she comes around or not, that's not my only concern. This is a job she hired me to do. Narcissa wants time and I can't give it to her without transparency on her part. I'm giving it on mine." They ate until Hermione broke the companionable silence. "How long have you known about her condition?" ÒHard to give an exact date.Ó Pansy sighed the sigh of someone faced with having a conversation she would much rather avoid. "She would forget things, but I don't think anyone thought it out of the ordinary until she took Scorpius to the tailor to be fitted for robes for Astoria's funeral and returned home without him." Hermione stopped eating. "What?" "I was there with Daphne and Draco. They were making arrangements together when she came in. When Draco asked where Scorpius was, she looked at him and had no idea what he was talking about. I'll never forget, she said, ' You're too young to have a son.' And then all hell broke loose." All she could do was blink wildly. "Where was Scorpius?" Likely terrified and confused. Lost. She couldn't imagine. "He was still at the tailor where she'd left him, and the owner was just completing the fitting. He said she went to look at a different colour robe while he was doing measurements, and when he turned around, she was gone. He pretended like nothing was amiss to distress Scorpius." She sighed, rubbing her temple. "He wasn't talking by that point, but I doubt he noticed anything was wrong." Hermione deeply doubted that. "Any other incidents?" "Over the last three years? Hmm. I can think of several, thanks to hindsight. More when I was staying with them after my divorce. During tea, she would forget what she was talking about, who I was, or where we were. It still happens. She calls me Andromeda sometimes but mostly Bella. I never say anything to correct her." Smart. Exactly what she would advise. "Let's see.Ó Pansy thought it over for a moment. ÒBefore her diagnosis, her hands would shake uncontrollably. She would sweat and get agitated. Once she Apparated across the room accidentally. I'm honestly surprised she didn't Splinch herself. She's wandered off loads of times over the last few years. Draco probably has a better account of it. He's been dealing with it longer. Had to force her to see a Healer." "From what I gather, things aren't great between them." "No, they aren't. They're both stubborn as fuck and refuse to bend. They might not speak much outside of very select topics, but he won't let her go anywhere without security." That sparked her interest. "How long has she had security?" Years, she assumed, given everything she knew about the Death Eater threats the Malfoys had faced. At least since the letters started. Or since they moved back to London. "There were incidents in the past, but Draco hired them the day after she left Scorpius. That was his last straw." Which meant they were hired for more than just protection; they were hired to protect Narcissa from herself. HermioneÕs accusations about him being more concerned with the threat of Death Eaters than what was actually killing his mother had been wrong. Not that Malfoy had been open, but Hermione wondered what she had gotten right about him. Didn't seem like much. Hermione had so many questions they were threatening to burst forth. She knew better than to give into the urge. So she waited until they were finished, sitting on the sofa and enjoying wine with the ambiance of the evening. The fairy lights had only just come on, adding enough light for Hermione to really see the rose in Pansy's hair. It wasn't decorative, but it was alive. "You're wearing a real rose in your hair? I thought it was cloth." Pansy took a delicate sip of Chianti. "Weasley's been sending them. One rose a week. Every time I come close to forgetting him, another rose shows up." Smart. "Weasley?" Hermione gave her a knowing look. "The one you don't know?" "Oh, fuck you." There was no heat behind it. Both were relaxed from the Chianti and the mood between them, which had taken years to perfect. "I happen to hate it very much, thank you. I'm not interested in being courted." Hermione didn't believe her for a second, but didn't press for more details. Pansy would talk on her own terms, be honest in her own way, and Hermione would be ready to listen whenever that happened. That was how they worked. "I wasn't under the impression that there were rules to courting for purebloods. I thought it was all contracts, arrangements, and societal machinations." "You're not wrong, but you're not entirely right either. It depends on the family's status. I was the only girl, so my marriage contract auctioned me off to the highest bidder," Pansy said as if it were perfectly normal. "I won't say I understand itÑ" "You're quite expressive with your disapproval, Granger. You're not as subtle as you believe. In fact, Narcissa said that you looked like you'd smelled something rotten when she talked about contracting Draco's second marriage." Well, there was no denying how she felt about it. "The entire matter is archaic." Pansy crossed her legs, reclining on the sofa. "It's the pureblood way." "But you don't subscribe to it anymore." "Not entirely, but I can't help the way I was raised. It's ingrained in me, taught to me by tutors and governesses and my mother." Pansy placed her now empty glass on the table. "No matter how removed I am from it, that life is a part of who I am. I still catch myself walking how I was told to, speaking when I should, and reaching for a dress that I would usually wear. Parvati wanted to get a tattoo and I immediately rejected the idea because tattoos are taboo in societyÑ" Hermione almost choked. "Sorry what? Tattoos are what ?" "No respectable pureblood has one. They have a negative connotation, especially given Voldemort. It's considered unseemly to permanently mark up your body." Now all she could think about was the colour on Malfoy's left arm. "What else would be considered unseemly? JustÉ to understand Narcissa better." "Facial hair, but that's becoming more acceptable with the time. It's still frowned upon in certain circles with more traditional families. Narcissa complains about Draco's facial hair until he gets irritated and shaves it offÉ and then he lets it grow again. He's moody like that." She pursed her lips. "What else? HmmmÉ Short hair on both wizards and witches. Being divorced or unmarried past a certain age. Honestly, there are so many more." "What about children?" Hermione's attempt at casualness fell flat. Pansy knew her too well. "So you've met Scorpius." Not a question, but a statement. Pansy leaned forward and refilled her glass with the last of the wine like she was going to need it. "Go on, I know you have a million questions. I'm not certain how much help I'll be. Theo has a better grasp of the situation. I met him when he was two and wasn't around much, but I'll answer what I can." Interesting. Hermione made a gesture. "I'll let you speak freely." "The fact that he doesn't talk is a source of stress. Narcissa has tried everythingÑ coercion, mainly. She does everything except outwardly expressing her frustration." Which was a good thing, Hermione supposed. "Nothing works. Scorpius is incredibly strong-willed." "I wouldn't talk either if she treated me like she treats him." Pansy sighed. "Between Daphne, Theo, and now youÑ" "Scorpius is well taken care of, no doubt about it, but his emotional care leaves a lot to be desired. How can you ignore how coldly she treats him? How can you revere her when she Ñ" "I've had this argument with her so many times in the last six months that I'm sick of the words, but she's insistent on doing things her way. She thinks she's making him strong." Pansy swirled the wine in her glass. "I know you don't understand my relationship with her. Daphne and I fight all the time about it, but you can care about someone without liking their choices." There was so much more that Hermione wanted to say, but wouldn't. Scorpius wasn't a patient, butÉ "She's got to know that his silence is an obvious sign that he's grieving and needs help. Last night I told Malfoy that he needs help and heÑ" "What? Said that he'd talk to his mother about it?" "Yes." "Do you honestly think that Narcissa would put him in counselling? That's admitting that he has a problem. That they're not perfect. Draco can try, but he won't succeed." She had a point. Even while working at St. Mungo's, there weren't many that sought help in her department. Many still thought of mental health as a taboo topic. "Okay, but she's not his father. MalfoyÑ" "Traditionally, he has little to do with Scorpius' care right now. He's too young." Hermione stared at her as if she were speaking a different language. "What exactly does that mean?" "It's the pureblood way." Her patience was vanishing rapidly. "Pansy, if you say that one more time." Pansy gave her an irritated look that matched her own. "You asked, Granger, and now I'm telling you. You're going to call it antiquated, but this is how it works in pureblood families. Witches take care of the children up until a certain age. They handle their lessons, etiquette, preparing them for society, and they fulfil their emotional needs. Everything. Fathers are rarely involved with a child's care." "That'sÑ" "How it is." Hermione felt a rant building, welling inside of her like a shift in the tide. "If he were a girl, Narcissa would continue preparing him for society, but since he's a boy, when Scorpius turns eight, Draco will step in, take over, and teach him like his father taught him." "You're absolutely right. That is completelyÑ" "Traditional. I know it's a swear word to you, but to some people, it's a way of life." Pansy took another long pull of her wine. "I learned from my mother, who learned from hers, and so on. I know that with Scorpius, the lessons Draco will teach will be very different from his father's teachings as he had a rapid change of heart during and after the war." "Never mind that." Hermione dismissed the thought of Draco teaching his son. That didn't matter. Scorpius was three years off. It was too long. "Narcissa has dementia. She's going to decline. Now, at what rate, I'm still not certain, but who will take over his care when she's unable to? His nanny or his tutors? People who don't know himÑ" "Or Draco's new wife." At Hermione's sharp recoil, her friend sighed. "I already know what you're thinking and you're wrong." "I'm not thinking about anything at all." "Liar." Pansy cut her eyes and sat back. "It's not uncommon for him to marry again. In fact, it's expected. Narcissa's disease is making her focus hard on that one-year deadline. I know she's making him take marriage meetings and attend gatherings. WellÉ" She looked momentarily uncomfortable. "That's part of the reason." "It's disgusting." Hermione realised she was gripping the stem of her empty glass too tightly and set it on the table. "He should be focused on his son, not finding a new wife." "His focus remains elsewhere, much to Narcissa's frustration." Pansy tilted her head up, observing the darkening skies. After such a wonderful day, it looked ready to rain, clouds were rolling in. "Draco isÉ complicated, and I'll need more wine to discuss him. I understand him both less and more than I did when we were teenagers. However, it goes without saying that he's always beenÉ Draco." A vast understatement. "He's always been faced with difficult decisions, always had so much on his shoulders. He struggles with the weight of it all, but he tries to do the right thing for his family, even if the choices he makes arenÕt always the right ones. He has zero interest in remarrying. He didn't even want to marry in the first placeÑand neither did Astoria. At least not to him." Hermione blinked, trying to catch the parts that Pansy had blazed through, knowing for certain that she'd missed something along the way, but unable to pinpoint what. "If he's not interested, then why go along with it? Why let his mother orchestrate his remarriage at all?" Pansy said nothing for a while, then ran a hand through her hair, appearing uncomfortable. "I had to be burned off my family tree to live and choose for myself, but Draco has never had the opportunity to do the same." May 23, 2011 Hermione had a talent. Well, she had many, but one was noteworthy, considering her fame as The Brains. She knew how to blend into crowds and become invisible, either out of absolute necessity or selfish desire. And though ideal, she didn't need Polyjuice Potion to do it. The secret was to become a different person. Someone not Hermione Granger, someone washed out and forgettable. A face and nothing more. And that wasn't just accomplished by dressing differently, changing her makeup, or taming her recognisable hair. It was about changing her body language. About not sitting alone. Mingling was necessary, but not starting random conversations with strangers, only joining them. And the most important tip? Being confident in the fact that anyone notable who attended upscale charity events didn't pay any mind to those who weren't worthy of their time or attention. Those who weren't on their level. Those who weren't instantly recognisable. Narcissa never noticed her. It had been a busy week for her patient, as she was hosting her third charity eventÑand it was only Wednesday. Narcissa had been so preoccupied over the last few days that she'd barely had time to argue or criticise Hermione, much less complain about her meals. In fact, she had eaten every breakfast and lunch Hermione had prepared without fuss. It was the perfect time to see just how stressful Narcissa's life was. Which was why she was in an elegantly decorated ballroom that had a surprisingly intimate feel. Tonight's gathering was for the Orphans of the Wizarding WarsÑone of the many charities Narcissa Malfoy supported. Following a moving reading from her biography, which was still as popular as ever, the event was nothing more than Narcissa floating around the room, engaging with donorsÑwealthy families and fans rich enough to afford the thousand-Galleon seat alikeÑwhile Malfoy dutifully stood beside her, clean-shaven and dressed in proper wizarding attire. All black. He looked bored. Narcissa's lack of awareness worked for him as well, it seemed. Hermione observed her, searching for blank moments, signs of confusion or distress, changes in alertness, even the subtle symptoms like tremors, sweats or slow movements and rigidity. It was a bust. Narcissa looked perfectly normal. There was one moment sheÕd tensed, but it ended up being nothing. She cut her eyes over to Malfoy after he'd said something to an older looking gentleman after he'd presented a stunningly beautiful witch. She hadnÕt been amused. Hermione was glad for the lack of incidents. For her. She deserved it. But then her surveillance shifted from monitoring her as a Healer to observing her as a person. As she mingled, weaving in and out of conversations, Hermione did so with a growing awareness of just how many attendants still clamoured to get in Narcissa's good graces. Still were intrigued by the Malfoys as a whole. Wanted to be associated with them. Seen with them. Know them. Or in several cases, become a part of them. While her son had a certain appeal, it had to do with her. Narcissa was beautiful as always in stunning emerald robes, her blonde hair twisted into a graceful coiffure. Life, time, and a progressing illness could notÑand had not Ñwithered her. There was so much life in her, so much shrewd intelligence and poise that Hermione found herself much like the other guests: stuck just watching Narcissa Malfoy in her element. The public gravitated towards Narcissa like moons around a planet, believing they were close when in actuality, they were stuck in her orbit. Millions of kilometres away. Her intent all along had been to attract, not to allow them into her atmosphere. Because then they might be able to see past her surface and mine their way into the core of who she was. See the cracks and flaws she hadn't exposed in her book. The dull parts that hadn't been buffed to perfection. And in doing that, perhaps they wouldn't revere her so muchÉ Or they would love her more because of those imperfections. Those were the aspects of Narcissa that reminded Hermione of her humanity. She was more than her conventional beliefs. More than their differences, friction, and clash of wills. More than just a patient. Hermione wondered if there was a part of her that could get to know Narcissa enough to understand her. Perhaps even appreciate her for those cracks and flaws. They reminded Hermione of her own imperfections. The appearance of an unfamiliar witch pulled Hermione from her thoughts. She was taller, thanks to her heels, with blue eyes that contrasted her black hair, which was pulled back into a low bun that highlighted her high cheekbones and slender neck. Her robes were as black as her hair, modest but snug enough to show off her figure. "Oh, hello." Hermione noticed Narcissa's signed book in her hand. It wasn't the first time someone had approached her that evening, but it was typically single wizardsÑoh, and the lone married one she had sent immediately on his way after noting the pale line on his ring finger. "Do we know each other?" Hermione asked. "Oh no, I'm Olivia. I just spotted you standing here looking at the Malfoys and thought I'd say hello." Naturally, Hermione almost argued, but she had been staring. "Have you been formally introduced?" Hermione blinked. "To who?" "Why the Malfoys, of course," Olivia scoffed. "You can't be invited to a marriage meeting without an introduction." "Oh, no." She recoiled sharply. ÒI'm certainly not looking to contract myself into a marriage." When the other woman realised that Hermione wasn't in competition she softened. Or rather, she began to brag. "My father introduced me to his mother with the hopes of securing a marriage meeting with Draco. We may be half-bloods, but my family owns Madam Malkin's as well as several clothing lines. My dowry is quite substantial." So, she was very rich. Hermione pretended to care. "WowÉ" The sarcasm went over OliviaÕs head. "I think it will be enough to secure a meeting and I'll let my charm do the rest. Rumour has it, he's not looking to remarry, but I think I'm persuasive enough." She lifted her chin and put on a sly, knowing smile. "I know what men like him want." "Oh, definitely." "Exactly. A little of that and I'll be the next Mrs Malfoy in no time. My parents will be elated." Good luck with that, Hermione almost said. "Have you met him yet?" Olivia stole another glance at the unsmiling Malfoy heir. "Only from afar, but I'm hoping to by the end of the evening. How do I look?" "Lovely." That wasn't a lie. Hermione really tried not to ask her next question, but what harm could it do? It was conversational at best. "What do you know about Draco Malfoy?" While Narcissa charmed a nicely dressed pair, a witch who looked at least a decade younger than Malfoy offered her hand to him while smiling in a simpering sort of way. Sharp grey eyes cut from hers, down to her extended hand, then back up before the corners of his mouth quirked into a frown. He turned his attention elsewhere. The smile on the girl's face crashed and burned. For a moment, Hermione felt bad for her, a little indignant because of his behaviour, but then she remembered the intent behind her action and reasons for getting closeÉ and her sympathy went out the window. Olivia barely noticed. "I know that he's rich, eligible, and comes from an influential family; the rest doesn't matter. At least he's attractive for someone so cold. Thank Merlin for that." She started to chuckle, thinking Hermione would join in. She didn't. Nowhere in that did she mention Scorpius, which was extremely off putting. "Well, best of luck to you, Olivia. I really must be going." "Oh!Ó She was startled by her abrupt farewell. ÒIt's nice to meet youÉ" Her eyes narrowed in confusion. "I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name?" "Jean." "Oh! Well, Jean, it's been wonderful to meet you." "Likewise, Future Mrs Malfoy." The witch giggled, flushing prettily. Hermione made her way towards the exit, passing people by who barely gave her a glance. She was just another face in the crowd, after all. Hermione was only a few steps from the door when she felt something strange. Looking over her shoulder to figure out what it was, the moment called forth another reminder: she wasn't always the most observant person in the room. She wasn't always the smartest or the quickest either. There was always someone better. Someone that didn't quite fall into line with expectations. Someone who already hadn't. Someone whose grey eyes had locked on her from across the room. Hermione froze, heart stuttering in her chest untilÑ Wait, she had nothing to hide and every reason to be there. She held his even gaze, noting the way his eyebrow rose slowly in question. But instead of making his mother aware of Hermione's presence, his mouth lifted into a wry smirk. And then Malfoy looked away, moved on, resuming his conversation with a wizard who appeared baffled by his moment of distraction. The man had even looked in her direction, but didn't see her. At least not the way Malfoy did. May 25, 2011 Narcissa Malfoy had never exercised for fitness purposes a day in her lifeÉ and it showed. When hosting and entertainingÑor even existingÑshe possessed the grace and elegance of a bygone era. There was a presence about her that caused people to look whenever she entered any room; an energy that made everyone take notice. Infectious. Just because she was immune to Narcissa's charms, just because they had vastly different attitudes and beliefs that clashed like two armies vowing to take no prisoners, it didn't mean she was blind to it. Didn't mean she didn't notice. Or respect it. Privately. Now that her potions had been corrected, it was time to tackle other aspects of her care. Namely, physical activity. Every ounce of poise and dignity evaporated within the first few steps of their scheduled walk. A source of humour for Hermione, but also one that showed Narcissa's humanity in such a bizarre way that she had to stifle her mirth behind her hand. It had taken five minutes for Hermione to realise just why Narcissa hated exercising so vehemently. Narcissa hated sweating. Hated the physical aches that followed a good, long walk. Hated everything that had anything to do with the act. That knowledge didn't stop Hermione from changing into trainers and approaching Narcissa the following day. "Let's take a walk, shall we?" "I assure you I am very busy." NarcissaÕs response was as crisp as the early morning air. Her mood now had Hermione's attention. Narcissa was temperamental at best, but there was something inexplicable that made it noteworthy. She had been in a horrific mood all morning. After Scorpius was hurried along to his lessons by his nanny, Zippy had reported that Narcissa had returned extremely late after last night's charity event (her second of the week) and ignored every attempt at rousing. When she entered the kitchen about an hour later than usual, Narcissa looked as if she hadn't slept a wink. She was flushed and quiet, agitated to the point where she would have spilled her tea had Hermione not used magic to save the cup. And it had still been a close call. But after breakfast and potions, her mood improved. Until now. Hermione sat on the sofa next to her. "How are you feeling right now?" "Annoyed." She shut her planner and sent it to the table with a smooth push of magic. "I despise walking, yet here you are." All of her slowly mounting worries temporarily vanished as she suppressed her laugh. "I've already explained the importance of having a physical activity routine. We've been lax on it, but now that your symptoms have levelled off, I feel it's a good time to integrate it." Her comment earned a dark glower. "We can compromise. Is there an activity that you enjoy doing that we can substitute?" "I am going to the spa today, as recommended. In fact, I leave within the hour and will return before dinner." "Good for circulation, but not exercise. I only suggested walking as it's a lower impact activity. Perhaps swimming? Zippy told me that there's a pool insideÑ" "That is Draco's domain. He swims twice a day. Sometimes more." Narcissa waved her hand with casual poise. "I, myself, have never gone down there, nor do I intend to, as I find the act tedious and unbecoming." Unbecoming of what exactly? Narcissa's eyes softened as if struck by a memory, fiddling with the ever-present ring around her neck as she often did while contemplating. "I enjoy gardening," she confessed softly, much to Hermione's surprise. "It was the only task at the Manor I did not allow the elves to do. The only task I did with minimal magic. I happen to find it incredibly relaxing and the outcome is always rewarding so I don't mind the labour." Which meant she didn't mind sweating, as long as it was on her own terms. It made perfect sense. Amongst all their differences, it was something that they had in common. Something she could work with. Something they could grow from. "I have a greenhouse and garden that regularly needs work, if you're interested." Narcissa contemplated it for a moment before smoothing down the front of her robes. "I suppose it will do for your required physical activity." Her tone was so dry it could have caught fire, but Hermione caught a hint of colour in her cheeks and a twinkle in her eye that verified her true feelings. Delight. For the second time, Hermione suppressed her smile with her fist, but for an entirely different reason. "I'll add it to your schedule?" "See that you do. I prefer to garden in the morning after breakfast. We can begin tomorrow." "I'll be sure to schedule that in." While Narcissa continued her tea, Hermione sat in patient silence, but not for long. "How are you feeling on the potions?" "More like myself than I have in months. However, I have noticed that the afternoon potions increase my appetite, and that simply will not do." "There's nothing to be done about that, I'm afraid." "Are there no other alternatives that would remedy this? I am aware it sounds vain, but it is concerning." "I can look into an alternative." At the look of relief on Narcissa's face, Hermione added a disclaimer: "I'm not making any promises." "I understand. Also, there is one matter I wish to discuss with you." "Oh?" "Particularly about your meals." Hermione readied herself for an argument until she noticed a hint of hesitation. It reminded her of Malfoy. "I understand that we have agreed to one meal a day during the week. However, I am finding everything I eat outside of breakfast dissatisfying and unpalatable." Which might as well have been a compliment. "If you like, I can add dinner, something hearty but healthy. I can make meals ahead of time for you, enough to last through the week and weekend. Something that can be reheated or charmed to remain fresh." At the little sign of interest, she continued, "We can come up with a menu based on the fruits and vegetables in season. I can start preparing snacks to curb your appetite after your potions. We can adjust to your taste." Narcissa finished her tea and leaned forward, placing it on the glass coffee table facing the fireplace. "I would like that." "Good,Ó Hermione said, feeling more than accomplished. That was the most that she'd gotten out of Narcissa since becoming her Healer. "Also, Miss Granger. I quite enjoy your tea selection, but would like to be afforded the opportunity to sample other blends." "As you wish. Any particular preferences?" Once Narcissa left for the spa following a pleasant lunch where they scheduled time for her to garden, Hermione decided to treat her patient with a surprise dinner of baked wild salmon and salad upon her return, elated by the progress they had made on several fronts. Dinner preparation was easy. By the time Scorpius' nanny entered the kitchen with purposeful, rubber-soled strides, Hermione was busy humming to herself while slicing tomatoes and cucumbers. She looked up to greet the witch the same way she always did: with a distant yet polite hello, but halted when she noted the frustrated grimace on her face. Panic rolled off her in waves while she purposefully searched the living room, looking under the table and behind all the furniture. Likely Scorpius-related. It wasn't that Scorpius was wildÑquite the oppositeÑbut even on a good day, Catherine Prichard barely had her wits about her. Hermione thought it had a lot to do with Narcissa's need for strict routines and order. Or it had to do with the fact that Catherine, at twenty-one, was almost too young for such an encompassing position and incapable of standing up for herself, especially when Narcissa was being unreasonable. It was a wonder she had kept the nanny on, or hired her in the first place, but Hermione got the impression that Catherine was the latest caretaker on a long list that had come before her Ñall driven away for a variety of reasons. But what she did know was that the help always talked. Which meant one thing: Catherine, however inexperienced, would be hard to replace. Catherine spotted Hermione at the island. Her face smoothed into a tight smile that did nothing to hide the fact that she was troubled. "Hello, Miss Granger." She tried not to bristle. "Please, call me Hermione." It wasn't the first time she'd said this, but her request fell on distracted ears as Catherine pulled open the cupboard, looked inside, and shut it with a frustrated groan. "I wish locator charms worked in this house." "Oh, if you're looking for Narcissa, she's gone to the spa and will be back later." Catherine's shoulders sagged in relief. "Thank you for letting me know that, but I'm not looking for Narcissa for the status update." She and Zippy seemed to rotate the task of updating Narcissa on her grandson's lessons with his tutors. It didn't make much sense to Hermione. None of it did. Why hire a nanny when she had a perfectly capable house-elf that couldÑwith a snap of his fingersÑeasily handle all matters concerning both housework and child supervision? Strange, but also none of her concern. Catherine looked around as if Narcissa might be eavesdropping. "In truth, I've lost Scorpius." ÒOh.Ó Hermione's eyes widened, her task instantly forgotten. Sure, he was quiet, but how could she possibly lose an entire child ? The nanny cringed. "I know, but I was discussing a timetable for when they would be adding Latin lessons with his tutor and Zippy was off cleaning. When I turned around, Scorpius was gone. Have you seen him?" To keep her distaste to herself about a five-year-old's strict schedule, Hermione squatted down to the lower cabinet she was in front of to grab the salad bowl. "I haÑ oh my goodness! " She nearly lost her balance, heart hammering like a war drum. Instead of her bowl, she found Scorpius. His blue eyes went wide with shock as he clutched the open dictionary tightly to his chest, no doubt wrinkling the pages. How long had he been there? Hermione instinctively looked around the space he'd created, spotting her bowl directly next to his feet. It wasn't too cramped; outside of the kitchen items she'd left to stop the back and forth, there was hardly anything in the storage space inside the island. It was the perfect crawl space for the small child currently staring at her like an owl. "Miss Granger?" The now alarmed Catherine appeared at the end of the island. "Are you okay?" "UmÉ" Hermione gripped the open cabinet door, blinking at the little boy. Instantly, she noted the sharp spike in his anxiety as he started to fidget and look for an escape. The level of stress coming from a child so young bothered her on a deeper level than she cared to admit. "IÉ" And it really, really wasn't any of her business. Truly it wasn't. Not in the slightest. But she'd never quite gotten the mental image of him falling apart out of her head, nor had she been able to forget him calling for his mother while asleep. She continued moving his cup each morning and waving goodbye, all while feeling more and more drawn to him. Unable to look away. Like now. Scorpius' eyes turned desperate, holding onto hers like a lifeline. The world began slowing on its axis. Not because she had made a decision, but because it had been made before she knew there was one to make. "I haven't seen him." Genuine surprise spread across the little boy's features and she ripped herself from his gaze, turning towards Catherine. Then she stood. "Sorry for alarming you, I've forgotten a bowl I was looking for. But no, I haven't seen him. If I do, I'll bring him to you straight away." "Thank you." Catherine smiled so genuinely she felt bad for lying. Almost. "He's especially good at hiding when he's tired of lessons. I'll check his normal spots." "Good idea." Hermione reached for her wand as soon as the nanny turned her head. With a whisper, she cast a simple charm. Nothing that would hurt her, but anytime she thought of the kitchen, another room with another hiding spot would pull her away. Catherine went stiff the moment the spell made contact, but kept walking. Positive that Catherine wouldn't come back, Hermione set her wand on the counter and sank to her knees, resting back on her heels. If at all possible, Scorpius looked even cagier. Hermione wondered why, but the answer was as clear as glass. Outside of seeing her every morning at breakfast and their lone interaction beyond that, Scorpius didn't know her. Or trust her. A reintroduction was in order. "Hi." She extended her hand with a soft, sincere grin. "I'm Hermione." It must have been a Malfoy thing because Scorpius studied her hand as if it were a particularly confusing word in the dictionary still clutched to his chest. Then his eyes flicked back to hers. Ultimately, Scorpius made no attempt to accept what she was offering. Instead, he carefully smoothed the wrinkles from the page of his beloved book. While she hadn't expected to see a child so reverent about a book, Hermione had anticipated the snub; she wasn't offended. "Do you want to come out of there?" Scorpius shook his head. No surprise there, either. "That's fine." She paused then gestured to the book. "Can I see what you're looking at?" It was an innocent enough request for him to comply, manoeuvring the large book so she could see the page. Then he pointed at the plant. Ah. That was simple. She tucked her hair behind her ear. "Do you like plants, Scorpius?" Still hesitant, he answered with a slow nod. It was enough. "I love them, too," Hermione disclosed with a soft smile. Blue eyes narrowed at her. Hermione was amused by how expressive Scorpius could be despite his silence. "So much that I keep them close. In factÑ" Blindly, she reached up and felt around until her hand came into contact with her beaded bag and she pulled it down. Scorpius observed with growing curiosity as half her arm disappeared into the bag before finding what she'd been looking for. A sprig of mint. She offered it to him. "Here." Without accepting, Scorpius examined the herb closely. He was so completely focused on the task that Hermione had all the time in the world to observe him, unable to do anything else. Scorpius wore his normal attire: blazer, white shirt, shorts, and socks to his knees. Like a proper schoolboy. Nothing amiss thereÉ Well, except for the fact that he was hiding in a cabinet with a book. For some unknown reason. A feeling had settled deep in her gut ever since she'd entered the house, overheard the bits of conversations pertaining to the little boy, and observed him. A feeling that had only grown the more she saw himÑstudied him. A feeling that told her that this cabinet wasn't the first one he'd hidden in. His incidents, as Narcissa had called them. Perhaps these were it. Moments when he snuck off and disappeared in places around the house like the day by the window. Today it was a small, cramped space where no one knew to look for him. It made sense to her. Scorpius Malfoy had no free will. Hiding seemed less like an act of rebellion or fear response, and more like he was seeking sanctuary. Freedom. "You can hold it," Hermione told the boy who was still inspecting the spring of mint pinched between her fingers. "You can smell it, too, and even eat it." At the dissecting look that reminded her far too much of his father, she couldn't help but smother her amusement into her closed fist. Then she gave him a choice. "I can show you, but only when you're ready to come out, okay?" Still trying to determine what to make of her, Scorpius' eyes went from hers to the mint, back and forth, much like a curious woodland creature would before they scampered off deeper into the forest. Back to safety. "How about this, I'll finish preparing your grandmother's dinner. Then, if you'd like, I'll show you other things you can do with mint." Once the suggestion was out, Hermione mentally scrambled to plan something she hadn't anticipated doing in the first place. But she had his full attention. "Would you hold onto it and keep it safe? Can you do that for me?" Scorpius put the book down with child-like clumsiness that was odd given how shrewd he seemed. It was then she realised why. He was interested. Curious. Ready to accept the responsibility. So much so that after nodding, eyes locked on the mint as if it were a shiny new toy, he accepted the sprig with reverent fingers. It was adorable, really, watching him light up when he smelled it. His eyes went wide, as if shocked that it smelled nice, that she had been honest with him. Then Scorpius sniffed the herb again, much like someone would roses. When he saw her staring, his face evened out. Closed up. Hermione didn't push it, knowing better than to say anything else. She allowed her actions to speak louder than words and left the cabinet door open for him to accept her offer. When he was ready. Hermione returned to her task of cutting up the tomatoes and cucumbers for Narcissa's salad, seasoned the salmon and put it into the oven to bake before she set her watch. She glanced over at the open cabinet door to see if he'd used it. Hoping he would. And if her heart raced at the appearance of a little blond head peeking from the cabinetÑ well, that was only because he'd startled her. Scorpius' small, pale hand gripped the cabinet only moments before he stood to his full height, facing away from her until he turned. Mint sprig still in his hand, the silent boy carefully closed the door, minding his fingers before Hermione could instinctively tell him to after having said it so many times before to Harry's children. Awkwardly, he held the mint out to her and her heart just warmed. "Thank you, but hold onto it just a bit longer, okay?" They stared at each other with Scorpius still holding the bundle out, blinking with an expression that faintly reminded her of a child waiting for something to happen. Like a magic trick. Oh, right. He was used to things being prepared in front of his face with the snap of Zippy's fingers. "I don't use magic to cook," she said candidly as an idea formed in her head, making her realise she would need a few items from home. "It'll take some time. I have one thing that I need to get from my house. Take a seat right here and I'll be right back." Before he could react, Hermione left him standing there, grabbing her bag and hurrying into the living room Floo. When she stepped out of her own fireplace, she could hear Pansy yelling at someone upstairsÑlikely about the tub that was being delivered that dayÑbut it didn't matter. Hermione was on a mission. She quickly found the right ingredients and stuffed them all into her beaded bag. Another handful of Floo powder brought her back to the Malfoys' homeÉ Where Scorpius stood right in front of the fireplace, his face carefully blank. As if he hadn't been waiting right there the entire time. Awaiting her return while holding her mint. Just like that, her breath caught from visualising Scorpius anticipating her return, but not knowing when she would come back. Or if, her internal voice whispered as Hermione reflected in mounting, unfamiliar dread. He didn't speak, so words were useless. She couldn't ask him how he felt, but there were little cues Scorpius gave off that gave her pause. He reminded her so much of Al when he was struggling. Words couldn't always tell someone's story. AlÕs nerves weren't born out of any stressful situations or neglect. They were natural. He would grow out of them as he conquered his fears, of that she was confident. And while Hermione didn't know about Scorpius well, she would bet her salary that distress played a part in both the flush of his cheeks and how stiffly he was standing at attention. There was no doubt in her mind that he was well taken care of, but with Narcissa's firm hand, Malfoy's absence, and Astoria's deathÉ Hermione kneeled in front of the unreadable little boy, something she did with Al to put them face to face. She didn't touch him, but made certain she kept eye contact. "I just rushed out of here. I'm so sorry about that. I won't do that again, okay?" Scorpius relaxed only long enough to unlock his knees. Then his blond head bobbed. "Are you ready? I've got everything we need." Hermione flashed a reassuring smile and held up her beaded bag as evidence, but Scorpius only blinked as if she had three heads. Wondering if all the progress she'd made to get him out of his hiding spot had been lost, Hermione righted herself and led the way back to the kitchen. When she looked over her shoulder, Scorpius was following behind her with a look on his face that spoke of his hesitation. But that didn't stop him. And Hermione didn't allow her own apprehension to speak any louder than it already was; she muffled it in favour of looking over her shoulder once again. Perhaps not all had been lost. Smiling to herself, Hermione started setting up while Scorpius stood next to the stool. The top of his towhead barely peeked over the counter. After pulling out strawberries, blueberries, apples, oranges, and honey, she heard a chair scraping against wood. Curious, she abandoned her spot and peeked around the islandÑonly to find the five-year-old still holding the mint while trying to manoeuvre his way onto the barstool. And failing. "Would you like some help?" Obviously, Scorpius hadn't seen her because he was momentarily startled. He declined with a distracted shake of his head, attempting again to climb his way onto the stool. He wasn't successful. After suppressing a smile at his stomp of frustration, Hermione whispered a quiet charm that stuck the chair to the floor so he could use the steps. By the time he was situated, Hermione was already back at the island directly across from where he was seated, slicing strawberries and peeling oranges. While her audience was mesmerised by her task, she observed the way his blond brows furrowed in concentration at each of her actions. She struggled with the abnormal silence. Whenever she cooked for Harry's kids, there was never a moment's peace. In fact, she had never associated quiet with children. James never stopped talking, Al only talked in small groups or when he was one-on-one, and Lily was surprisingly eloquent for a three-year-old. Scorpius just watching her in patient examination was so bizarre that she found herself filling the silence with pointless conversation. "I'm making fruit salad. I usually make it with pecans, but I don't know if you're allergic. I'll askÑ" At the way he briefly tensed, Hermione scrunched her face. "I'll ask someone. Later.Ó She relaxed when he did. ÒAfter I peel the oranges, I'll do the same with kiwi and apples. Then I'll add the strawberries, blueberries, and blackberries together in the bowls for us. I'll drizzle the honey on it all and chop up the mint and sprinkle it on top. Does that sound good?" Scorpius' blue eyes met hers before he agreed stiffly, handing over the bundle of mint for chopping. Hermione accepted it for the second time with a warm smile. "Next time I'll make you something sweet like sorbet. Have you ever had it?" It was something she'd made for Harry's kids a few times, when they'd stopped fighting long enough to agree on a flavour. Scorpius looked bewildered and that saddened her. Not because he hadn't had it, but rather because sorbet in the summer was as good as magic itself. He'd never known the joy of racing to eat it on a hot afternoon before it melted. It was an experience. Something memorable. She couldn't help but wonder how many moments like that Scorpius had missed. Or had yet to experience. Or never would. Not the important ones, but the minor ones that didn't mean much to anyone outside of the memory, but everything to the one living it. Moments that a child would reminisce about later in life with a smile on their face and joy in their heart. As Hermione did exactly as described, she found herself wanting to do more with the short notice she'd been given. Quietly, she longed for it to be just enough to invoke a feeling. A memory. A moment he'd look back on fondly. Something. Hermione stole little glances at Scorpius, who watched the short process as if there were going to be a test on it. When completed, she placed the bowl of fruit salad in front of him, sprinkled the minced mint on top and chuckled to herself at how eager he seemed to try it. Then she frowned in confusion when he continued to wait with odd patience. Oh, right. He didn't have a fork. As a demonstration, Hermione picked up a cut strawberry and popped it into her mouth, chewing a few times before swallowing. "Sometimes fruit tastes best when you eat it with your hands." Next she picked up a blueberry, gently encouraging him to do the same. Scorpius was highly sceptical, his expression so pinched that Hermione almost retrieved a fork for him to use. But then he picked up a cut orange that had bits of honey and mint on it, and eyed it carefully before bringing it to his mouth. Hermione bit back her own smile when his eyes lit up upon tasting it. He liked it. She let him eat with his hands a little longer before joining him with her own bowl and two forks, giving him the option of whether or not he wanted to use it. For a while, Scorpius didn't, simply enjoying his fruit salad with a content look on his face and sticky hands. But, eventually, his training won out and he picked up the fork. The first attempt was blueberry that rolled right off the fork and down his white shirt, staining it. "Whoops," she said in an absent yet playful tone, ready to get down and pick up the fruit that had fallen onto the floor. Al was a messy eater, too. Dropping fruit on the floor was practically a rite of passage. But the distressed look on his face stopped Hermione, and made her halt her comparisons of the two children. Scorpius dropped the fork, visibly shaken, looking around as if someone were going to walk in the room and find him with a mess on his shirt. Though he wanted to, he didn't touch his shirt because his hands were sticky from the honey, which only upset him further. His cheeks flushed. Hermione had no idea why his mood had shifted so drastically, but managed to get his attention. "Hey, it's okay. Can I help?" That only made his face go redder. She reached for her wand and Vanished the blemishes on his hands and shirt, which calmed him down. He was no longer looking at her, instead peering down at his hands. Scorpius had been perfectly fine with messy hands, so that hadn't been the issue. He'd only become distraught after his shirt bore a visible stain. Which made Hermione wonder if it had less to do with the blueberry spot itself, and more to do with being caught with evidence of a mistake. An imperfection. Hermione offered her hand to him that was stained with the juice of berries she'd cut. "I have stains, too. Look." She adjusted on the stool, facing him and holding onto the seat while he did the same. "I have so many." Hermione pointed to each imperfection on her jeans, starting with the knees. "From weeding this morning." Then she pointed to a faint stain on the centre of her shirt. "From breakfast. Your dad startled me." With his entrance and stiff, unprompted Good Morning. Hermione had dribbled a bit of poached egg on her shirt. She had no idea why Malfoy had startled her so badly. He'd been greeting her ever since that night with Scorpius. It felt like a temporary ceasefire. She kept her comments to a minimum and he materialised looking as though he'd actually rested. On the sofa, her traitorous mind reminded her. That twinge bothered her more than the stain on her already yellow shirt. "Stains are okay," Hermione told Scorpius, who was staring at the dirt on her knee with a pinched expression. "They happen because no one's perfect. Not even me. Your grandmother nearly spilled tea today, so she's not perfect either." At that, Scorpius lifted his head, blue eyes sharp and inquiring. He wanted her to elaborate. So, she did. "She's not perfect. And that's good. Just like sometimes stains like yours and mine are good." Hermione opened her blemished hands to him, but his eyes remained fixed on her. "I could clean them with magic, just like I did yours, but it's okay that I don't. I'm proud of mine. They show that I've worked hard. And when I'm ready, I can just wash them and start fresh." Hermione did just that with a fluid movement of her wand and a whispered spell. His eyes widened in wonder, intrigued by magic. "One day, you'll be able to do this, too." Scorpius appeared confused. Hermione grinned. "Yes, you'll go off to school and learn just as your father did, andÑ" Zippy popped into the room. "Miss Prichard is searching for Young Master. He must resume his lessons." For the first time, Hermione heard Scorpius make a noise when he sighed before glancing over at her with wide, innocent eyes. It was as if he were begging to stay. But he couldn't. He'd stayed long enough. She'd given him a well-deserved reprieve. "It's time to go back to your lessons." Hermione slid off the stool and helped a pouty Scorpius down. He sullenly fixed his blazer and one of his socks that had rolled down a little. Perfect again, the little boy turned to leave, but before he could, Hermione couldn't help herself. She tapped his small shoulder, which made him turn back to her with sad eyes and pink cheeks. As she had in front of the fireplace, she kneeled in front of Scorpius. "Thank you for keeping my mint safe." After hesitating, Scorpius bowed, all stiff movements like he'd been taught. But when he lifted his head, Hermione shook hers. "Don't bow to me, only smile. When you're ready." Scorpius looked puzzled by her request. It wasnÕt her place to care, but that excuse wasn't enough to stop Hermione from wanting to hug the sour look off his face like she'd done to Al countless times. Not enough to stop her from wanting to make promises just to make him smile. It was a similar sentiment to the emotions she felt for Harry and Ginny's kids. Despite all the ways he was different, Scorpius was also the same. Just a child. And a lonely one at that. But as she grappled with what to say, Scorpius watched her with ever-increasing curiosity, even taking an unconscious step forwardÑone of significance she recognised for what it was: he was trying to make a small connection. Instead of rejecting him, Hermione left it up to him by not saying another word. Allowing him to make a decision about her. Giving him the choice. She extended an open hand. Which he accepted, holding on until they both heard Zippy move. Then he let go. Scorpius looked back at her once before they vanished from sight, but Hermione remained rooted to her spot long after he left. It was a mistake. The entire encounter had been one mistake after another. A step so far over the edge. There was no going back. And yetÉ Hermione had regrets, things that she could have done differently or said better. She accepted her flaws for what they were. Owned her mistakes. Understood the sources of her shame. But her inability to continue turning a blind eye to ScorpiusÑhis blue eyes, sweet and guarded spirit, or his silenceÑmuch to her utter shock, wasn't something she regretted at all. "Fuck." Narcissa had been pleased with the surprise extra meal, so Hermione left her to eat it alone at the outdoor table while she enjoyed the setting sun and music from the Wireless. It was later than Hermione usually stayed, as she typically turned the reins over to Zippy after lunch to handle her dinners and evening potions. But tonight she needed to make one last stop. Since accepting Narcissa as a patient, Hermione had been drafting a list of questions that couldn't be answered by her patient or file. Some of her questions had inadvertently been answered by Pansy, but there were more than a few left that could only be answered by one person. Her son. Who owed Hermione a favour. Armed with parchment and a peace offering in the form of a dinner plate, Hermione went to his office. Malfoy sat at his slightly cluttered desk where it appeared he was still working on his translations. The back of his chair faced forward and the only part of him she could see was the very top of his head. But that wasn't what first caught her attention. That honour belonged to a copy of a very familiar blueprint charmed to float at eye-level. Now, instead of pins, there were coloured letters. A through E. From the doorway, Hermione could hear the sound of a quill scratching against parchment, but couldn't see the evidence that he was writing. His head rose from the parchment before lowering to the blueprint, taking what seemed like detailed notes. So focused on his task, Malfoy didn't notice her presence until she knocked on his open door. The intrusion made him sigh hard before rotating in his chair. "Mother, I'm not in the mood to discuss another one of those insipid marriageÑ" His eyes landed on her, then on the plate in her hand. All of the frustration in his voice, the tension in his shoulders, and the lines on his forehead smoothed into an expression that wasn't quite indifference. But close. "Granger." Malfoy released the quill in his hand, allowing it to float beside his head as he leaned back in his chair, elbows resting on each arm. He was the picture of tense ease, an oxymoron, and yet Hermione was beginning to understand that was his default response to her. Not a threat, but also not an ally. Just something. She understood the sentiment; it resembled her own. "To what do I owe the pleasure?" "May I come in? I made your mother dinner and figured you hadn't eaten. Have you?" Hermione asked, not moving from the doorway. Malfoy stared at her with an odd expression. "I have not." "Are you hungry? It's salmon and roasted vegetables. I'm not sure what you like butÑ" "That's fine." He gestured for her to come in, an offer she accepted, placing the plate on a clear spot on his desk. She didn't sit, but stole a glance around the room while Malfoy pretended not to examine the food. Hermione didn't want to watch him eat any more than he wanted her to watch, so she ventured to the wall of books. Everything still looked the same, except the ladder, which had been moved recently. What was he reading? "Scorpius is asleep on the sofa, if you're here to start that argument we never finished." Oh? Without any hesitation, she ventured to the sofa and found Scorpius covered up by the same blanket she'd covered his father with. He looked content, small on the large sofa, and adorable with his thumb in his mouth. From across the room, she heard the sound of a fork scraping against a plate and nearly looked up to see if he liked the food, but refrained. "Does he fall asleep here every day?" "No," Malfoy replied after a moment's pause. "Not ten minutes ago, he went directly to the sofa and fell asleep." Automatically, she brought the blanket to Scorpius' shoulders, tucking him in while ignoring the weight of his father's inspection. By now, she was used to it, even found it a comfortable norm for them. Hermione approached Malfoy's desk next. She didn't sit. HeÕd at least tried the food. Eaten a portion of it. Hermione handed him the parchment. "I have written out a few questions about your mother that only you can answer to fulfil your promised favour." Absently, Malfoy reached for his reading glasses, putting them on before staring at the top of her parchment. He flipped through the pages quickly, eyes widening slightly at the sheer number of questions. "A few? There are forty-six questions." Equally spaced for ample room to answer. "I'm thorough." "That you are." It didn't sound unkind, just an obvious statement, a bit amused. He peered up at her from above the rim of his glasses that had slid down his nose. "Thorough enough to observe my mother at a charity event." Ah, so they were going to talk about this. "It's a part of my job." At his doubtful look, she shifted her weight. "I watched your mother for symptoms or blank moments, signs of agitation. I need to know what they look like, how they come on, and any cues she gives before they occur. She had none that night." "Why not ask her directly?" "She may remember what she was feeling before an episode, but she definitely wouldn't know how she looked. If she got suddenly hot or cold, whether the expression on her face had changed or not. There are little signs that can only be observed." "Seems plausible." It sounded like a concession and Hermione felt victorious until he glanced back at her list. "I'm too busy tonight to answer these before bed. You should just ask my mother. You have a talent for aggravating her into doing things she doesn't want to do." Another backhanded compliment. "IÕve already tried. She'll only provide information she's willing to part with." A family trait. "I fail to see howÉ" Malfoy flipped to the third page. "Question nineteen is relevant." "I would argue that the Black's tendencies towards mental illness are absolutely relevant to her current condition, especially should anyone want to determine if her form of dementia is hereditary. And there will be research done." Malfoy shot her an appraising look. "You've memorised the questions?" "Of course. I wrote them." He took a second look, but suddenly frowned, mood darkening. "This is going to take time that I don't have right now. We can schedule a time and place to go through them." "Feel free to schedule the date and time." "Will do." Mission accomplished, Hermione headed for the door, but his voice rang out in the silence. "This doesn't taste bad." She turned around. "Thank you? I can't tell if that's a compliment." "It's not an insult." He kept his eyes on her. "I confirmed the secret passageway." "Oh? And the plan?" "Moving forward." That was good. "Are you sleeping?" Malfoy's annoyance was visceral. "Not that itÕs your concern, but I am no longer needed on overnights. The hideout was found Sunday morning and it was abandoned. Hestia has sent in a team of investigators to gather evidence." "Good to know." Even though he didn't answer the question. Hermione let it go and folded her arms across her chest, bag wrapped around her wrist. "And training?" She already had HarryÕs perspective, now she wanted his. "It's going about as well as it can with Aurors, Hit Wizards, and Magical Law Enforcement officers fresh out of training. But PotterÉ" Malfoy trailed off, looking like someone more willing to simultaneously eat plutonium while having his organs removed with a rusty spoon than say anything else. "Potter isn't a completely useless teacher." After suppressing her amusement behind a delicate cough, she let the still-grimacing man in on a little secret. "Funny, he said the same thing about you." Malfoy couldn't hide his surpriseÑor the flash of prideÑfast enough before schooling his features behind a suspicious, narrowed glare. But it was too late. She'd seen it. And more of him. The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. Chinese Proverb Chapter End Notes A/N: Welcome to the continuing shift happening. I know there's a lot of things to unpack: bits about Draco's marriage, the whole traditional aspect, Pansy and Percy, Narcissa and Hermione's cooling of tension as well as the same happening between her and Draco (and other stuff), but mainly Scorp's moment of sanctuary and him taking her hand FINALLY. Ahhhhhh. So many moving parts. So much to come. Art for this chapter: Scorpius Malfoy & His Mint Plant by boonookie & Scorpius Malfoy, Hermione Granger, and the mint by hoffnungsclaws & Hermione Talking to Scorp by meriyart Chapter 11: TheFacetsofHuman Connection Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Eleven The Facets of Human Connection May 27, 2011 For all the questions Hermione had about Draco Malfoy, she knew at least one answer. Like his mother and son, he was a creature of habit and subscribed to a routine. Malfoy was staunch with his morning swim. Particular with how he spent his time during tea. Uncompromising when it came to his rituals surrounding crosswords and reading the morning paper. But at the same time, he wasn't too rigid, able to compromise. Hermione's presence had made him adjust his routine slightlyÑby force. Now it had expanded to include gruff greetings, toleration for whatever tea she had made, and conversation. The surface of this man remained true to the person she knew he once was, right down to his attire and the way he parted his hair. It was an odd thought, considering there was much more to him, a deep chasm of intricate thoughts and reasons behind his actions and all the pieces that made up his identity. Hermione was barely skimming just beneath the surface, just beginning her quest to understand who he was now. But this morning represented a shiftÑa small dip. It was ten minutes past seven, and Malfoy was still there, showing no signs of leaving. It was odd. He wasn't reading, she could tell when he wasÑhis intense concentration gave him away. But now he seemed scattered. His attention went from the paper, to his watch, then to her, head tilted as if he had a pressing question that he would not ask. Malfoy went through three cycles of this before she realised he was waiting. On what, Hermione had no idea. Whatever it was, he seemed to battle back and forth with himself while she kept to her task of making Narcissa's breakfast: buckwheat crepes with ham, spinach, and mushrooms. Healthy and light. She only had plans to make two, one for herself and one for Narcissa, but Malfoy's prolonged presence left her needing something to do. So, she made a third, packed it into a glass container charmed to maintain freshness, and placed it next to him. The glass clicking against the granite broke the silence. Malfoy cut his eyes to the container, then back to her in mild suspicion. "What's this?" "Breakfast." Hermione shrugged. "I made an extra. You can leave it if you'd like. I've noticed you only drink tea. I've never seen you eat a meal before leaving, except for your protein drinks." "That's because I don't." With two crisp actions, he folded the paper and checked his watch one last time. "What are you waiting for?" She couldn't help herself. Malfoy was so off-course that he was throwing her off, too. "Nothing." Obviously a lie. "I have an inquiry in thirty minutes with Chief Warlock McLaggen. My third." Third? Tiberius must have been very suspiciousÉ or very paranoid. Or both. But she remembered who she was speaking to: Draco Malfoy, whose reputation for being on the wrong side of every issue had preceded him. The restoration movement would be yet another wrong side for anyone who wished for things to remain the same. And taking no side would be just as wrong to someone who wanted change, someone like her. Malfoy couldn't win either way. The difference between good and evil was clear from all sides, but distorted by perception and motivation, and hardly ever processed with any sense of clarity. Draco Malfoy was doomed to spend his life in the greyÑalways suspected and never trusted, regardless of stance. And for the first time, Hermione wonderedÑwell, never mind. "You should probably be gone then." Malfoy hummed his low, rumbling agreement. It sounded like brass, refined and polished. "I suppose." But he didn't move. Hermione watched him from the corner of her eye. Not yet ready to eat, she sipped tea and catalogued her thoughts. Malfoy's reputation was limited by what others thought of him. Preconceived notions. Not who he was. As she struggled to find her own identity outside of her reputation, Hermione learned that it was a convoluted construct and struggle. People were in a constant state of flux, shifting and evolving. Hermione wasn't immune to itÉ And neither was he. "Don't drink his tea." A single blond brow rose above the rim of his glasses. "Did you?" "No. I just thoughtÑ" "I'm an Occlumens, Granger. I can withstand Veritaserum. He doesn't know this as it's not in my file." Harry had mentioned that Malfoy had been trained ages ago, but the knowledge had been lost to time. That it wasn't in his fileÑwell, that was definitely a violation, but none of Hermione's business. She wouldn't judge, as most of the Wizengamot's activities and interests toed the proverbial line. Lack of precedent left them with too much control. "So you know about his teaÑ" "It's an open secret." Which was just as disturbing as Malfoy's overall ambivalence about it. "I'm certain a lot of secrets have come out, just not the ones he wants." A ghost of a smirk played on his lips. Then he looked at his watch. Again. Malfoy frowned. Hermione couldn't tamp down her rampant curiosity. "What do you know about the movement?" "Its existence." He looked at her hard with a strange combination of accusation and resignation. "Does that seem to be something I'd involve myself in?" He seemed more likely to ignore something like an entire underground Ministry restoration movement because it didn't suit his needs. "Not likely. If I remember correctly, you want to shut down the Death Eater organisation so you can check it off your to-do list and get on with your life." "Precisely." He cut his gaze away. "You have opinions." "Of course I do." "But I don't see you leading a rebellion." Fair point, but Percy seemed twitchy about her involvement, and she was reluctant to push him. He didn't want her involvedÑ yet. Though, he hadn't said anything about the future. Percy chose each of his words carefully, crafted what he wanted someone to know and omitted anything even mildly extraneous, which was why she paid close attention to even minor updates on his progress. She tasted her tea. "I certainly know more about it than just its existence." "Is that so." Not a question but a statement. Malfoy tapped his finger on the granite. "One could argue that restoring the power to the Minister won't change everything." "The same argument could be made that it depends on who sits in the Minister's seat after the next election. The best leaders are great teachers. They can bring about change through compromise, have an eye towards the future, and build those up around them because of it. They're humble and genuine. Firm but never to a fault. They follow an ethic of responsibility to their people by creating the best possible future. I can think of a few people like that I would willingly follow." "Oh?" It didn't sound like interest, yet it wasn't apathy. Malfoy put everything he'd brought with him aside in a move that made it clear Hermione now had his attention. And he had hers. "Who?" "I thought you would talk more about my idealism or at least argue that no one person exists that fits that role in its totality. In fact, I can think of at least three more fitting responses to my statement than your question." "I suppose you're right." Malfoy shrugged in consideration. "I do have more opinions on that matter concerning your odd blend of idealism and realism, not to mention the fact that you should keep them separate. Unfortunately, though, I don't have time to debate with you today, Granger. It'll have to be Monday." "Did you just schedule an argument?" He glanced at his watch again. "It appears I did." Fifteen minutes after seven, less time until his Inquiry, yet he still didn't move. Malfoy did, however, glance at the doorway surreptitiously in a move she calculated much like most things concerning him. Not the sort to do anything without purpose or cause, Malfoy calculated everything and everyone, but his variables were still unknown so Hermione could never tell if she was holding the question, the solution, or meaningless parts of a complex equation. "What are you waiting for?" "Nothing." A lie, but Hermione was beginning to learn when to press harder and when to release. She charmed the dishes to wash, and took her tea and breakfast to the stool next to him. A first, as she usually stood across the island and silently read and answered his crossword upside down until he realised what she was doing and scowled. Malfoy's folded Prophet was closest to her and an article caught her attention with just one glance. "They're building an Aquatic Sanctuary for rare magical creatures in Berlin and giving the public the opportunity to observe and learn about them." It looked like it would be offering protection for those whose homes were being destroyed by humans. "I saw." Malfoy pushed the paper in her direction, granting her permission to take a look. "I despise aquariums. Animals belong in the wild." "But they're providing a safe haven." "In a tank." "Better than danger. Fish like the tank. That's all they know." "No, they live in a tank because humans don't give a fuck about anything. You call it a sanctuary, but the way I see it, it's just a place where the same people who destroyed their habitats can observe them for a special rate of one Galleon and five Sickles on weekdays. It's disgusting." When put like that, the idea soured. "There's nothing glamorous about living in a cage." He was speaking from personal experience. The more she learned about the archaic pureblood culture he was born into and expected to uphold the ideals of, the more she agreed. MalfoyÕs tank was pristine, but there was only room for one. It was too cluttered with duties, so clouded that it made it hard for him to see things the same way HermioneÑor anyone else Ñcould from the outside. But in thinking about his tank, she was forced to think about her own that she removed herself from years ago. It called to mind all the expectations that had driven her into the ground, and her own skewed perceptions hadn't changed until the excess was removed. Her clutter was different, of course, filled with expectations of greatness and stuffed with the work thrust on her simply because of her status as a hero, reputation as the brightest, and potential to lead. "I suppose you're right," Hermione said finally. "But you're also wrong." "Oh?" "Just because you're born in a tank doesn't mean you're condemned to one forever. If you want to be free, free yourself." "That's easier said than done whenÑ" He stopped himself, but she finished it in her head, pieced together from the odds and ends of conversation she'd had with others. When the tank is all you know. "Oh." Malfoy's discomfort stirred something inside of her. With the more recent conversations on her mind, his unfinished statement and unspoken words felt like an answer. A confirmation. It felt real. Human. Raw. The same way she felt when she covered him with that blanket. Did he sleep there last night? Or the night before? Would he tonight? Those questions were on the tip of Hermione's tongue, and she spent so much energy choking them back that something else slipped out. "You're going to be late. Whatever it is you're waiting for isn't here." "I'm not waiting for any thing." "Your mother doesn't come down for at least another thirty minutes." "I'm not waiting for her." Who elseÑ oh! Scorpius looks for you every morning without fail. When Malfoy realised that she had sussed him out, that he was now exposed, his face hardened like stone. He looked away, stood, and left, taking everything he'd come with: the Prophet, the crossword book, and his pen. But also something he'd been given along the way. The glass container. In Malfoy's haste to run from the truth he had all but admittedÑalbeit accidentallyÑhe missed something key, something quiet and nearly undetectable. Hermione didn't notice it either until Malfoy stepped under the archway of the door. Scorpius. Raised on the tips of his toes, bracing himself, he peeked around the corner, staring after his father's retreating form with a longing that was as wide and deep as the ocean, one Hermione hoped to never know. Scorpius opened his mouth to call after him, but stopped, upset and unable to find the words or the courage he needed to speak. His shoulders slumped. There were three types of connections. Ones that were found, ones that were lost, and ones that were missed by minutesÉ Seconds. When Scorpius waved to the empty space where his father had just been, Hermione's heart clenched so tight it hurt. But which end of the missed connection it ached for mostÉ for the first time, she wasn't sure. Hermione wondered if Narcissa stood in front of a mirror each night and practised schooling her facial expressions into a variety of emotions to decide just the right one to use in every instance. Like now. They hadn't been outside long, but Narcissa had already examined every tree, plant, herb, fruit bush, and vegetable in her greenhouse and garden with a look so perfectly distasteful that it was nothing short of staged. It was as though Narcissa had counted everything she didn't like and the number was offensive. Meanwhile, Hermione gave her the tour in perfect silence, oftentimes having to look away to not get caught rolling her eyes. Which was not only immature, it was backsliding. But Hermione had to admit that Narcissa had come dressed to work, wearing probably the most casual attire she had ever seen her in: hair styled perfectly under a wide brim hat with a soft pink mesh scarf wrapped around her head and neck to protect her from the sun. She wore a long-sleeved floral shirt, comfortable trousers (proper women don't own jeans, Miss Granger), and a surprising pair of Wellies that were so clean they were likely as new as the shiny pink gloves on her hands and the pressed apron tied around her waist. Meaning she'd taken the time to prepare, even with only one day's notice. They had rounded their way back to the start of the tour when Narcissa primly laced her fingers together and cast a long, dramatic look around, tilting her sunglasses. "I have several questions, Miss Granger." Of course she did, Hermione thought with a long-suffering sigh. "Go on." "Who taught you how to garden?" "A friend of mine named Neville helped me start from tomatoes and herbs. He showed me the basics about plant care. He's an absolute genius with magical plants." Narcissa looked around with a tight frown. "You use the word genius far too generously." Hermione took the high roadÑwhich was hard. "I believe I've used the word correctly. Your criticism is harsh and unnecessary, not to mention, unfounded as you don't knowÑ" "Without criticism, there is no improvement.Ó Narcissa raised a gloved finger. ÒSomeone as intelligent as yourself should know this and not take offence to my observations." "You're right, but there's a way to criticise constructively without insulting a friend of mine." And someone who had been essential in helping her find normality through her outlet in gardening. Neville had planted the seeds in the form of words that led to Hermione looking into Healing as a career alternative. To make the difference you want to make, you don't have to be the best at everything, you just have to care. NarcissaÕs lips thinned. "I meant no offence as I was speaking as someone with extensive experience with mundane horticulture. When I married Lucius, I redesigned the gardens at Malfoy Manor to make them more functional, as his family had little interest in upkeep." Narcissa touched the stem of a blackberry bush, full of berries not yet ready to be picked. "Tending a mundane garden is different. I only asked who taught you to garden after observing your garden's current state." "Why does that matter?" "Because your mundane plants are treated like the magical plants in your greenhouse, and that simply will not do." Hermione didn't understand the difference or why it mattered. "Miss Granger, there are three basic elements involved in caring for plants: light, water, and heat. Like people, each plant is different, not only in appearance but in what quantity of each basic element they require to survive, and what additional care they need to thrive. Because surviving and thriving, while used interchangeably far too often, are very much at opposite ends of the spectrum." "What does that have to do with magical versus mundane gardening methods?" Hermione asked. "Caring for mundane plants like one would magical plants can keep them alive, but they will not thrive. Magical plants do not always require certain maintenance that mundane plants need in excess. Your magical plants are thriving in the greenhouseÑparticularly your moly, arka, and bubotubersÑbut your mundane plants are just surviving, especially your flowers both inside and outside the greenhouse. They appear healthy enough, but they won't flourish if they don't have a full range of the necessary minerals and proper care, just as people won't." Hermione's interest was piqued. She fell into step beside Narcissa, who took her for a second turnabout in the garden. But that time with a new perspective. Narcissa was more proficient in horticulture than she'd originally let on. Pretty soon, Hermione found herself jotting down notes for future reference. On a level deeper than clinical, it dawned on her that Narcissa would no longer remember her own advice at some point. Her skills. Her family. Her name. Over time, her memories would begin to come and go, and then they would be just gone. Her body would exist even as the soul that lived in it slowly dwindled awayÉ Hermione looked away as a small swell of emotions burned. She batted the feelings away. It wasn't impartial. "When you plotted in preparation to plant, it is obvious that you followed directions from books, as yours is exemplary. However, books leave out a certain je ne sais quoi that is hard to describe, but it differentiates a nice garden from an excellent one. Yours isÉ functional, at best, if a bit dull and unimaginative, but thatÉ" Narcissa trailed off, showing a level of tact she hardly ever used around Hermione. Such an act was usually reserved for those she needed to be tactful around. Hermione had never met her requirement before, but judging from her embarrassed expression, maybe she did now. Either way, it didn't matter. Hermione already knew what Narcissa was going to say. Dull? Unimaginative? But that's who you are. After an awkward yet almost apologetic silence, Narcissa stood in front of a hydrangea bush by the fence that separated the garden from the pasture. "Do you prune with magic?" "No." "Good, you shouldn't.Ó She paused and properly lowered herself to her knees with a certain grace that could not be taught. She touched the base of the plant, removing blooms and leaf debris. "Your hydrangeas are suffering from moisture stress, either too wet or too dry. It rained two nights ago, yet this is already parched. Perhaps the debris here was blocking the water from getting to the roots, which would account for the yellowing leaves." "I thought that a little debris would make a good compost." "For other plants, yes, but not hydrangeas. What is good for one is not good for all. You should also consider clipping these old stems to allow the plant to breathe." "I can do thatÉ or you can." Narcissa lifted her head, one blonde brow arched above the rim of her glasses, but said nothing. She began after extracting her hand shears from her apronÑspelled to cut through anything. After finishing, she stood and examined her work. "I suppose I can work with this." Instead of paying attention to her words, Hermione found the tiny flower of compliment hidden in the vast garden of criticism. Now, she was ready to learn. "Any other points you would like to make?" "Your pruning is horrible, especially on the fruit trees in the greenhouse. Your cuts are wrong. You either snip too much or not enough, and on several occasions, you have clipped them too soon. Knowing when to prune is critical for young trees, as they need to be trained to develop a strong structure." Trained. There was that word again, niggling at her, calling forth images of little Scorpius standing at attention with a serious expression on his face. The boy who never smiled, only watched and held everything inside. Like his father. Narcissa looked at her cottage. Her security guards stood just outside the door, probably bored. There really had been no reason for their presence today. Hermione's wards practically guaranteed her safety. But they had their orders. "Miss Granger, I find myself curious about something." Hermione inwardly cringed. "Oh?" Conversation starters like that never ended without tense discussions. Progress wasn't linear. It was full of twists and turns, ups and downs, backtracks and loops that would eventually lead to where they were supposed to end up. Or maybe it wouldn't. Perhaps they would get to a point where they were both comfortable with the balance. Or discussions about their differences would be their normal. "You have a rather large home for someone who is unmarried and lives alone." Narcissa cast a sidelong glance back at Hermione. "While lovely, I cannot decide if you intend to rectify that. However, given your liberal views on marriage and the fact that you live in virtual solitude, I'd have to conclude not." "I don't owe you a response, as it's none of your business, but my opinions on marriage aren't indicative of whether or not I intend to marry at all. That's quite short-sighted of you, butÑ" Hermione bit her own tongue, but the sharp look she received in response made it clear that Narcissa knew her next words. But that's who you are. Narcissa frowned. "It is expected for a woman to give up her home when she marries. You have settled here, at least it appears so from the parts of your home I have seen. It does not seem likely that you would be able to give this up. Additionally, it would be quite hard to transfer a vegetable garden of this magnitude." "Or my future husband can live here." "That is simply not proper, Miss Granger." Narcissa's laugh mocked her sentiment. "How can he be head of a home that is not his?" "Because we're partners in life and what's mine is his. There is no room for pride or ego in love and respect." "You say this now because you don't knowÑ" "I'll always say this because it's what I believe. Just like you have your beliefs, I have mine. I don't necessarily agree with yours, but I don't dismiss what you say simply because I find it antiquated and regressive. You shouldn't dismiss me either. As we continue working towards compromise, you should try to understand me, just as I'm trying to understand you." Hermione couldn't see her eyes, but felt them weighing heavily on her. "Why are you concerned about whether I'll marry?" "As I often tell Draco, it's not good to be alone." "I have friends and family. I have my work and I love that I work on an individual scale. I have my home, this vegetable patch, and a great appreciation for myself. I don't seek outside validation. I'm content." "But are you happy?" The question struck her like a thunderbolt. "IÑ" "I often find myself wondering how you manage to keep everything together." Narcissa removed her sunglasses, tucking them in her apron. "You cook for me, prepare my potions weekly, and monitor my condition while keeping detailed records on the progression of my diseaseÑone that you don't even specialise inÑ and researching the nature of it. You frequently consult with other Healers to make sure that you are providing the best care. Additionally, you have this garden with chickens and a home much too large for one person. You still work at St Mungo's doing floater work, attend dinners with your parents, host gatherings with your friends, and you make yourself available whenever anyone needs anythingÉ according to Pansy. How much time do you make for yourself, Miss Granger?" The question, while soft, had a hint of genuine concern that matched the look in her eyes. "I make time. I just like keeping busy." Narcissa started walking and Hermione fell into step beside her until they stopped between the radishes and carrots. "When Lucius died, I was inconsolable. After we moved to France, I managed to distract myself by helping Draco secure a wife and a flurry of activities to avoid thinking about him. I wonder if you're doing the same, distracting yourself from your ownÉ restlessness." There were several rebuttals on the tip of her tongue, but they were all flawed. "Just think about it." Her tone bordered on motherly. "Pushing marriage isn't a remedy to loneliness." She flushed in embarrassment and winced at the fact that she'd admitted having a problem. Out loud. To her patient. In the middle of her garden. Maybe Narcissa hadn't noticed. One glance told Hermione that she absolutely had. "Perhaps you are right and it is not the answer. But maybe finding someone who understands you is." Hermione awkwardly pulled at the end of her braid. "IÉ we should get started working on the garden. Any other critiques?" Even her patient's critical appraisals felt better than the current hollowness inside her ribs. Narcissa led the way down a row of vegetables nearly ready for harvest, then turned back to Hermione, who was clinically monitoring her gait. "Overall, your garden is lovely, Miss Granger. Healthy, despite errors due to inexperience." Narcissa readjusted her scarf. "My criticism seems harsh to you, as it appears you have worked quite hard to cultivate this land, yet I cannot help but examine with a sharp eye geared towards improvement." Her words were laden with double meaning. "That being said, your garden needs proper and correct attention, that is, if you are willing to learn from someone as old-fashioned as me." She was. With a short nod, it began. Time passed as they worked alongside one another. Narcissa taught her tricks she'd learned while cultivating Malfoy Manor's gardens. How to cut. Where to cut. When to cut. She showed Hermione the results of her errors in split branches and prematurely dying leaves. They pulled weeds and Narcissa showed her the difference between healthy soil and its dusty, barely living counterpart. It was a humbling experience that could have gone a lot differently had Narcissa's tone been harsher, had Hermione been stubborn and unwilling to listen. But it went well. Today certainly wouldn't be the last time they disagreed, but she wondered if the length of time between each one would stretch. While Narcissa was good with all her other fruit-bearing vegetation, she paid special attention to the flowers. Cared for them. Genuinely liked her variety. She had more specific instructions and ideas on which she should plant for added pollination. And she knew just the place where they could go, a place that would require Hermione to extend her fence at least a metre out. Not feasible now, but it was something to consider. Before she knew it, the recommended hour had passed, but Narcissa wanted to finish weeding the row of broad and runner beans before she stopped for the day. Hermione noted the colour in her cheeks, the healthy glow of satisfaction. Despite the sweat on her brow, she looked far more relaxed than she'd seen her after each of their walks combined. Happier. Everything shifted in the blink of an eye. Narcissa stood to her feet, but stopped short as she looked past Hermione and tilted her head strangely. "Miss Granger, you have said in the past that if I believe I am having an incident to inform you immediately." Hermione dropped her notebook and rushed to her side, reaching into her pockets and finding a cloth to wipe the sweat from her brow. Narcissa looked visibly shaken and confused. Visual hallucinations were a common symptom and there were so many ways to handle one, but Hermione settled on a tactic she knew would work. "Narcissa. Tell me what you see." "I always see Lucius." A chill shot up her spine. Her comforting presence. Her voice seemed far away as she stared on, taking an unconscious step towards the hallucination. "But it is notÉ Lucius has been here all along. All day." She walked alongside Narcissa as she slowly approached her mirage. In front of the chicken coop where the three were still running around, Hermione made a request only her patient could hear. "Tell me about the person you see." Narcissa didn't hesitate. "A man with black hair and skin that's covered in bruises. He's on the other side of the stream, both watching us and trying to get inside. But he cannot. He does not stop trying. It looks painful. His hand looksÉ wrong." ThatÉ was an oddly specific hallucination. "What is he wearing?" Hermione took out her wand and performed several quick diagnostic charms that didn't reveal anything spectacular. It worried her more. "His clothes are tattered and dirty. His hair is wild with leaves and branches stuck in it. He looks so real. Like Lucius. It's remarkable." "Can you look at me, Narcissa? I'd like to see your eyes." When she turned her head, she discovered that they weren't glazed over like they had been that morning in the garden. They were clear. Focused. Scared. "Let's get you out of the sun and I'll make you a cup of tea. I'll Ñ" Hermione turned her head. "UhhÉ" It wasn't a hallucination if she could see it as well. Dread invaded Hermione's body, sinking into her skin. Her stomach dropped and adrenaline propelled her into action. She ran towards the man with Narcissa in the background, yelling for her to stop. Not that she'd ever listened beforeÑthe word wasn't in her vocabulary. As she got closer, the man came into clearer focus. Narcissa had been accurate in her description, right down to his filth. He kept walking into her wards like he had no idea that he would fall into the stream if he succeeded. Almost as if he knew no other way, stuck in a trance. Idea in mind, Hermione ran towards the walkway that served as a bridge, exiting her wards, fully prepared for a fightÉ That never came. She slowed, creeping towards the skeletal stranger, one step after the other, wand pointed, and eyes and ears open for any surprises. It was unsettling the way he repeatedly collided with her invisible wards; they shimmered from the unauthorised contact. His eyes were focused yet unseeing. He was barefoot, all his visible skin covered in festering cuts and bruises and welts that made her wonder if he'd walked straight there from wherever he'd come from. How had he gotten through her diversion wards? "Who are you?" The stranger's head slowly turned, movement stiff and unnatural, allowing her to see his dark, empty eyes for the first time. When he opened his mouth, blood and saliva ran from the corners of his lips, staining his filthy chin and torn clothes. Hermione could barely make out his tongue, but she could see that it was the source of the bleeding. Bitten clean off. His jaw worked hard, lips moving as if he were trying to speak. Her fist tensed around her wand. ÒHermione Granger.Ó The voice he spoke in was gargled from the blood spilling out and hoarse from overuse. ÒWe see you.Ó Or screaming. ÒWe see you all.Ó And he charged at herÑas best as he could, given his slow gait, due to his obviously broken ankle. But he was wandless. Not a threat. There was no fear, only logic. Hermione aimed for his chest, just a Body Bind Curse to subdue. But she never had the opportunity to fire. Instead, a Stunner came from behind her, whizzing a safe distance away from her head and landing on its target with enough force to knock the man right off his feet. Feet over head, the stranger landed in a heap of twisted limbs in the patchy grass a few metres away. Hermione whipped around, ready to fight, only to find one of Narcissa's ever-present security guards behind her. The other guard was across the creek with her patient, who looked on anxiously, wringing her gloved hands. "What the hell?" she yelled, rushing over to the unconscious man. Pressing two gloved fingers against his neck, she searched until she found his pulse. Weak yet steady. The guard didn't look a bit apologetic, which made anger flood her veins. Through gritted teeth, she sucked in a breath. "I had it under control. You don't stun an obviously injured person like that. It's barbaric! " "He charged at you. Mrs Malfoy gave me an order to help you, so I did my jobÑ" "Your assignment is to protect Narcissa, who is quite safe within my wards. I don't need your help. Go back to your actual job." The guard looked leery, his wand still tight in his grip, ready to hex again if the man so much as moved. "I heard what he said to you, Miss Granger. You shouldn'tÑ" "While I appreciate the concern, he's not a threat. He's unconscious and injured. I'm a Healer. It's a part of my oath and duty to help those who need it, regardless of what they've done. So, go." She glared daggers at him until he went, eyes following him until he was back at Narcissa's side, delivering a message into her ear. One that she nodded at, but didn't look too pleased about receiving. Distractions gone, Hermione sent a Patronus to Harry. The message was quick and to the point. And while she waited, she stabilised him and performed every diagnostic charm she could think of that wouldn't harm him. His magical readings were all over the place. Ah, so he was a wizard. Good to know. From there, she noted his haggard condition: the wounds on the soles of his feet, obviously infected sores, and burns all over his visible skin. He was too thin and warm with a fever. Wherever he had been kept, he had been there a long time, likely caged like an animal with no one to tend to his ailments. With clinical gentleness, Hermione gently turned his head towards her. More bruises. Discolouration around both of his hollow eyes that were open and red from strain. Bitten tongue. Tense muscles. Bloodshot eyes. All the classic signs of overuse of the Cruciatus Curse. The stunning likely hadn't helped. She glared over her shoulder at the guard, who stood on the other side of Narcissa, still waiting. Her patient had her arms folded and was tapping her foot. She could have left, they were finished, but she stayed. Hermione continued her assessment. More strained muscles, rope burns on his wrists that served as proof of his captivity. He had landed awkwardly on his left arm, so she moved to the other side to prepare to reset his shoulderÉ Then she noticed it. The letter in his discoloured hand. Using her wand to remove it, she didn't read it, more concerned with the man's black fingertips and the slow spread of darkness that was indicative of the infection that would soon enter his bloodstream. The sight brought forth unforgettable memories. His hand looked just like Molly's when she'd been poisoned. Harry arrived with a soft pop, looking as if he'd been fighting or running. His shoulders were tense, glasses crooked, cheeks coloured, and a light sheen of sweat painted his forehead. He must have been in the middle of a training session when he'd gotten her message and rushed out in a hurry. His relief upon seeing her uninjured was palpable. Harry slipped his wand back into the holster over his shoulder. ÒAre you okay?Ó Before Hermione could respond, Malfoy appeared on the scene in all black, no jacket, leather wand harness on display. And though his face was all sharp lines and stoic indifference, he bore the same signs of physical activity: a slight flush, no sweat, but his hair was in mild disarray, as if he'd run his hands through it several times. Probably in irritation. "Granger." He must have been there when Harry got her message, which meant they were still teaching together. No one was missing a limb. Interesting. Hermione was proud of them. "Malfoy." In the span of a single blink, Malfoy scanned her from head to toe before glancing over at the unconscious man. She was getting better at noticing, but it was still impossible to know what he was thinking; his stone-faced expression gave nothing away. "Are you injured?" "No, but he is." Hermione gestured to the man lying in the grass, stepping aside as they approached for a closer look. Colour bled from Harry's face. "Oh fuck. It's Mathers." The missing Auror. "I'll call in a team." Harry stepped to one side of the stunned wizard, Malfoy to the other, while Hermione stood at his feet. "C Team," Malfoy suggested without tearing his attention from the unconscious man. "They need practice canvassing. We'll need to complete a proper sweep of the area. Three kilometres out in all directions." Harry agreed without argument. "We'll also need to contact his family." "Later." Malfoy crouched next to Mathers' still form, his hands on his knees. "When he's stable." "Right." Harry ran a heavy hand through his hair. Hermione knew he was troubled, even as he backed away. Harry took everything harder than he should, because he valued everyone, right down to Deloris. However, he was still the consummate professional, a true leader, and he knew what to do. Quickly, Harry put his feelings aside and pointed his wand in the air to call forth his silvery stag. It was time to get to work. One knee in the grass, Malfoy slid his wand back into its holster in a smooth motion. He hadn't been as affected as HarryÑat least not visibly. His reaction had been far more subtle and thus harder to point out for dissection. The first clue of his inner workings came from the simple fact that Malfoy seemed unsurprised by the brutality. Hermione noted nothing beyond indifference in his clinical expression. "Do you know him?" "Not like Potter." Hermione knew what he meant. Being an AurorÑwell, now the Head of the Auror's OfficeÑwas Harry's career, something he knew he would be doing for a long time. He had always made it a mission to know every person who worked for him. Families, birthdays, hobbies. This assignment and collaboration with the Task Force was just that: an assignment. It was about the people who went from assignment to assignment with him. They were important. Malfoy, from what she could ascertain, was different. The people who worked under him were just that: people. He didn't try to get to know them, and wasn't interested in gaining their respect. All business. It was a linear way of thinking that didn't always work. His detachment, in addition to the fact that he was Draco Malfoy, was likely why everyone deferred to Harry. And also why he didn't seem to care. "I'll see that he's transported to St Mungo's. When he wakes, he'll likely need to be questioned." Malfoy examined the man's injuries. "Looks like the work of the Carrows. They're particularly heavy-handed with the Cruciatus. They also think setting captives loose in the forest without a wand to hunt like prey is a perfectly acceptable form of entertainment." She had the wisdom to think before asking how he knew about such a barbaric act. Malfoy looked pensive. "Did he say anything to you?" "My name." That didn't bother him at all, so she told him the rest. "We see you. We see you all." She noticed the shift, the stiffness in his shoulders, as he lifted his eyes to hers. For a second, Hermione saw the worry in them. "Anything else? AnythingÉ more specific?" "No." Harry joined them, his jaw set in a tight line. "They'll be here momentarily. Will he be okay?" His eyes were hopeful despite his grim expression "He'll likely end up like Longbottom's parents,Ó Malfoy said. ÒIt'll be a waste to question him or even retrieve his memories." "There have been significant strides in reversing the long-term effects of the curse. They won't know how bad he is until he regains consciousness." "How long will that take?" Harry asked. "I have no idea." Hermione levitated the letter with her wand. "This was in his hand. It's poisoned, and while I didn't read it for obvious reasons, it looks the same as all the others. His hand looks like Molly's. It has to be the same poison." Malfoy didn't hide his confusion; his eyes cut back and forth between them as he tried to put the puzzle pieces together. Harry heaved a sigh and Hermione tried to fill in the gaps. "It's a slow-acting poison that is fatal if left untreated forÑ" "I'm familiar with it." That's right. Sachs. Still, there was so much tension and finality in those four words that Hermione left it alone. "Do you still have the antidote?" Harry looked at her. "I have one vial that will do for now, but I can make more. I would have gotten it, but I didn't want to leave him alone." Lest anything else happened. Or he regained consciousness. Or worse: vanished. "Did you stun him?" Malfoy asked with a frown. "No, your mother's security did when he tried to attack me before I could put him in a Body Bind. He's likely been cursed, Imperius if I had to guess, and sent here to deliver a message, so I can't hold his actions against him. He didn't come close at all to harming me." All at once, understanding swept across Malfoy's features like a quickly-moving thunderstorm. "My mother's security team? Why is she here ?" He whipped around to look for her. "WhereÑ" "Right over there." The aggravated wizard spotted his mother on the other side of the stream with both guards. Harry excused himself as Task Force members began arriving with a series of pops, ranging from loud to soft. "Your mother came here to work in my garden in lieu of walking. She's safe behind my wards, if that was your concern. She's the one who noticed Mathers when we were finishing up." "This is where you live?" Malfoy rose to his feet, grey eyes now surveying his mother's surroundings. He seemed to take in everything from the chickens chasing each other, to the bits of her garden that were visible from their vantage point, to the white bricks that made up her home. "It's remote." Malfoy reached out, skimming the edges of her active wards with the same hand that bore his signet ring. Close but not touching. "Yes, and it's warded tight." Malfoy trailed his fingers along the invisible barrier, still a hair's breadth away. "I can't see them." "But you can see your mother, right?" "Yes." "It's because you have the same access to my home as your mother does. If you didn't, you wouldn't be able to see anything." Malfoy's only response was a single arched brow. Hermione looked back at Harry, who was giving directions with authoritative patience to a Task Force member who seemed confused about where they were. Harry mentioned her house and every one of them looked around, seeing nothing. The truth of her words seemed to dawn on him all at once. "ButÑ" "You're my patient's son, it made sense to let you in." His voice was low, controlled. "Of course." For reasons unknown, Hermione stepped next to him, still out of reach. "I won't let any harm come to your mother, not while she's in my care. You know that, right?" The silence that fell between them extended until the sound of the first set of team members left to canvass the area. Hermione turned, preparing to Apparate into her home to retrieve everything she would need, but hesitated. ÒI know." Hermione shook off the touch of unease she felt before Disapparating, landing just outside her brewing room. From there, she gathered what she needed, and made a Floo call to Theo to send someone to her home to transport a new patient. By the time she made it back outside, the rest of the Task Force had gone off to explore the area. Narcissa had transfigured something into a chair and was back in her sunglasses, watching what was occurring just outside her wards with a bored fascination. Her guards were standing at attention by her side. "I have a meeting with my planning team for the end of season soirŽe I am hosting." "I didn't expect you to stay," Hermione replied honestly. Narcissa crossed her legs and laced her fingers together. She wasn't moving. "I thought I might be of some assistance. I was the first to see him, and it was long before we finished gardening. However, he was just standing there, watching. I assumed he was a hallucination." "About your hallucinationsÑ" "I do not wish to speak about them right now, Miss Granger." She reached up to touch the ring dangling on the chain around her neck. "I have had a rather trying morning." "That's understandable." Hermione let it go. "We'll discuss this later." The witch then lowered her glasses, giving her a cursory onceover. "I see you remain uninjured. Good. I heard the presence of my security guard angered you. He was merely acting on my orders to protect you. I wasÉ" She trailed off, adjusting her glasses as she turned her head back to where her son and Harry wereÑnot yelling or fightingÑjust talking across the stream. The latter nodded, and when one of the Task Force members arrived back on the scene, he went to speak to them. Malfoy was left alone with the still-unconscious Mathers. When he kneeled next to the man and pulled out his wand, Hermione excused herself with a few words. After a small tug, she appeared across the stream at the still-unconscious man's side. With Malfoy. Immediately, she noticed the blood around his mouth and chin had been cleaned. His eyes had been shut, and there was a steady rise and fall of his chest with each breath. He appeared to be sleeping. He would wake soon and probably need to be subdued. Then she realised something. "Did you do anythingÑ" "I'm not proficient in Healing, Granger." Malfoy rose from his stooped position, pocketing his wand. "Potter cleaned the blood." "Okay." Hermione had no proof, but somehow, she knew that he was lying. A curiosity was building inside of her that would no longer be ignored. What he had done for Mathers wasn't much, except that it showed a hint of humanity hidden in a small act of kindness from a man who did everything possible to put forth an image that only perpetuated what people already thought about him. Cynical. Apathetic. Meticulous. Distant. Demanding. Accurate. Hermione recalled the photo with baby Scorpius from his office, the way Malfoy never shut out his son, the way he held onto the boy when he dreamed of his mother, and waited until the very last minute for him to come to the kitchenÑokay perhapsÉ not entirely accurate? Malfoy's dichotomy was something she hadn't been able to wrap her head around. The mystery he shrouded himself in had to be intentional. He preferred being an enigma, and she had a few guesses as to why. The only solution to the equation of Draco Malfoy was that his behaviour provided him true privacy, as well as a measure of control. EveryoneÑfriend, foe, or stranger alikeÑthought that they knew Malfoy well enough to predict what he would say or do in any given situation. Leaving him the opportunity to either prove them correct or not. It was always his choice. He hadn't been afforded the opportunity to make many of those for himself. Much like his son. It begged the question of who he actually was. That had been the constant niggling thing at the back of her mind that reared to life whenever he did something unexpected. Or even something expected. "I called Theo, he's sending aÑ" Susan appeared, followed by two Mediwitches Hermione knew only by face. Malfoy stepped away from Mathers and left her to it. In no time, she had explained the situation, detailed the diagnostic charms she'd performed, and handed them the potions. Hermione left them to set up transport. Duty finished, she approached Harry and Malfoy, who appeared to be having a discussion. When she moved closer, they both looked as if they had been waiting for her to join. "What?" Hermione asked carefully. "Narcissa's memory of what she witnessedÉ" "Ah, yes. She told me that she'd noticed him before she said something." "I was wondering how long Mathers had been there. If, at any point, she had seen him from the corner of her eye. Is her memory safe to extract?" Harry shot an uncomfortable glance at Malfoy who remained inscrutable. "I only ask because of herÑ" "Dementia, Potter," Malfoy snapped so suddenly Hermione jolted. Harry glared, his jaw clenched. "I was trying to be sensitiveÑ" "When you don't have to be. Not around me. I'm well aware of my mother's disease and Granger is her Healer. She doesn't need your pity." He spat the last word like it was poison. "I'm not pitying her, I'mÑ" "You can extract the memory, Harry. It shouldn't be an issue." And it wasn't. Except, when asked, Narcissa looked at them individually for several awkward seconds before she frowned. "Memory of what exactly?" If Hermione noticed the slight way her son's face fell, she wisely kept it to herself. On the ride home from King's Cross after First Year, Hermione told endless stories about her time at Hogwarts. Naturally, she left out the bits about ill-advised late night detention in the Forbidden Forest, two-faced Quirrell, and any part where she'd nearly died. If she'd told her parents everything, they'd never have let her return to her true home. When Hermione explained Sorting, about the possibility of being given a choice, her parents had asked her to sort them. Just for fun. For her dad, her answer had been automatic. He was the quintessential Hufflepuff with all of the characteristics: loyalty, fairness, impartiality, patience, and modesty. Her mother had been harder, but ultimately, she'd decided on Gryffindor. Hermione felt she was most like her: daring, courageous, intelligent, and brave. The hypothetical Sorting error had gone unchecked for over twenty years before being realised at an impromptu dinner gathering. Everything had been shaping up to be a normal evening, one where Hermione arrived with high hopes after spending the entire afternoon following the intruder incident reviewing Narcissa's files. Charles Smith had forwarded her original results by Owl, but they were hard to understand as Hermione wasn't a doctor. There were, however, a few Squib physicians that helped at St Mungo's she could lean on for possible help interpreting the data. She'd spend the rest of her day making appointments. Tired from the long day, Hermione had all but crashed in the chair she always sat in, and spent the better part of an hour half-reading while watching her dad paint with jazz music in the background. And then something happened. A shift. Hermione's father stepped away from his canvas, her eyes falling on his latest work. Daybreak. The moment the sun began to rise. The start of a new day. A beginning. Hermione wasn't much of an artist, she didn't have the skill or drive, but she knew enough to understand how different this was from his abstract work, how far he'd come as an artist during the course of his classes. The details, from the direction of the sunrise to the star or two on the opposite end of the canvas, were thoughtful and evocative. It was beautiful. Her father tapped his paint stained fingers against his chin. "We're working on different styles in my art class. What do you think?" "Looks great, Dad." Her voice was so thick with emotion that it drew her father's attention. "Are you okay?" It had been years since he'd asked for her opinion about his work. "Yes, yes I am." "Good." His pleased smile inspired one of her own. He looked so proud, navy fingerprint smudges on his cheek and all. Her dad closed his eyes, letting the swell of music take him back in time. "Dizzy sounds good tonight, doesn't he?" Hermione didnÕt like the music, but she was a fan of her father. "He really does." His smile grew. That feeling of hope and optimism remained until her mother called them downstairs for dinner. It died a fiery death when she spotted Ron at the table. Her dad stopped short, clearly puzzled, but greeted him kindly. "Good to see you again, Ron." "You too, Mr Granger." As Hermione reeled in confusion, two things dawned on her: First, her mother's invitation had been a trap. Second, she was actually a Slytherin. Cunning. Resourceful. Ambitious. Determined. "Ron stopped by to say hello." Her mother flashed a warm, dramatic smile as she gestured to their guest. "And since he was on time for dinner, I invited him to stay. I hope you don't mind." While rolling his eyes, her dad took his seat next to his wife and complimented the mealÑ roasted lamb, potatoes, and saladÑas he did every day. Hermione already knew the meat would be bland and overcooked. She stared at Ron. It wasn't that he was a terrible liarÑhe could lie with the best of them. But Hermione knew him. The slight flush and fidget said nothing, but it had been his imperceptible recoil at her mother's words that was damning. It was all the evidence needed to determine that his presence had been planned. Expected. Anticipated. Hermione felt her temper spark, but tried to stomp it out before it could catch. She smiled. It was a forced and twisted one, thin with barely concealed contempt. "Oh, howÉ" She trailed off to exhale her next word. "Nice." Ron knew her just as well. His eyes widened as he reached for his glass of water. "It is, isn't it? Have a seat. Ron." At that, the redheaded man's head jerked up in response. "Be a love and get Hermione's chair." Her dad sat back and watched the show while Ron cringed, knowing better than to follow through on her mother's request. Especially if he wanted to see the canaries again. "UhÉ" Blue eyes continued shifting as he scrambled to save himself. Hermione watched him with the same fascination Al would watch a worm wriggle in the dirt after a storm. "I'm perfectly capable of getting my own chair, thank you." She took the last empty seat. Ron gave her a weak smile; she glared in return. He swallowed audibly. "It's good manners, Hermione. You should never turn down a man's kindness." She was ready to launch into a diatribe for the ages, but remembered the goal she wanted to accomplish tonight. Hermione counted to tenÑthen twentyÑbefore plastering a smile. "What's for dinner?" "I made roasted lamb, just how you like it." Today's meal was more of an effort than she'd made in years. "Doesn't Ron look handsome?" Her mum waggled her eyebrows. There was no magic number she could count to that would stop her from snapping. Hermione's dad sighed with uncharacteristic impatience. "Can we eat now?" "Yes dear, we can." Dinner commenced. At least for the three of them. As for Hermione, there were a million things she wanted to say, and not all of them were nice or in line with her ideal temperament. In her attempt to stifle herself, she only made matters worse. Now everything was tangled up in knots that were impossible to unravel without disrupting the progress she'd made. Conversation with her dad aside, Hermione had assumed that the irregular invitation had really meant something from her mother. A sign of change. It had given her hope that she was on the path towards atonement for her past mistakes with them. But today's dinner was just a ploy for her mother to play matchmaker. And that burned. Hermione stood abruptly. "Mum, a word?" "After dinner, loÑ" "Now. Please." She marched to the sitting room, far away from other ears. When her mum appeared in the doorway, she didn't look amused. That made two of them. "Hermione." Her mum stepped fully into the room and folded her arms across her chest. "I already know what you're thinking. You might not see it, but I'm doing you a favour tonight." "I fail to see how blatantly ignoring everything I've said is doing me a favour, so please explain it to me." Never one to back down, she accepted the gauntlet Hermione had all but thrown down. "You're nearly thirty-two and single. It's not a problem, except that you have been alone for years. You're not even trying. If that's what you wanted, I'd be fine with it, but it's not. There's a man who's been through it all with you, through things your father and I can't comprehend. He clearly loves you, but you won't let him." "Ron and I have been down that road already. It didn't work. We're not compatible." "Who's to say it can't work now ?" Talking to her mother was like trying to teach Arithmancy to a three-year-old who couldn't read. "You're wasting your time, not to mention his and mine. Have you listened to anything I'veÑ" "What do you want, Hermione? Do you even know?" Her mum ran a hand over her hair in a move she often did when she was nearing her peak of frustration. It was one of many of their similarities. "You've been stuck in the same place for years. Ever since you collapsed, you've been at a standstill, busying yourself with your patients and your gardenÑand excuses." Hermione flinched. "Thank you for being supportive." "I'm not saying that I don't support you. I'm saying that I'm concerned for you." "Because I'm almost thirty-two and single?" Hermione scoffed. "I don't need a partner to be fulfilled, Mum. I'm happy as I am." "Are you?" She took a concerned step towards her. "Because if you were truly happy, I don't think I'd be so worried. You're drifting and have been so long that you're lost. I don't understand why you're dead set against a man who wants to make you happy." "Because he can't, Mum! He can't !" "Ron wants to give it another chance. How can he when you've closed yourself up and won't even entertain the possibility that it could work?" "I'm tired of arguing about something I don't want." "Which leads me back to my previous question: what do you want? Do you even know? You're obviously waiting for something, but you aren't actively looking for it. You've given up, love, and as your mother, that worries me. AndÉ perhaps I shouldn't have asked Ron over for dinnerÑ" "Perhaps ?" Hermione hated the shrill in her voice. Hated that she was on the brink of tears. "I've already told him I'm not interested, and here you are making him think he can persuade me when he can't." Her mother sighed. "I don't want you to be alone. You'll wake up in ten years and regret that you were too stubborn to settle down with someone who wants you. It's a harsh lesson, but you can't get everything you want. Sometimes you have to find someone and stick with it." Understanding made her recoil. It didn't matter that it was Ron, her mother wanted her with someone. Anyone. That was selfish. Both to her and Ron. He deserved more than being her someone. "You'll understand one day." Hermione shook her head. She was willing to compromise about so many things, but not this. Not now. Not anymore. "As my mother, you're supposed to encourage me to strive for more than a warm body. You're supposed to tell me to find someone who understands and accepts me completely, flaws and all. Someone I can do the same with. You're supposed to tell me that I'm worth it and I deserve better than settling for something I know in my bones isn't right. You're supposed to tell me to wait.Ó Her mother was an arm's length. As usual. Though she tried and sometimes succeeded, she wasn't a warm and comforting type of parent, far too pragmatic and set in her ways. "Your dad wasn't my type and I fell in love with him anyway. It's not settling to be with someone who doesn't match your fantasy." "But it is when you don't love them, when you know they don't really love you either." "Of course, he does.Ó Hermione heaved a sigh. "Ron loves the idea of me, but not me.Ó "That's not fair, Hermione." "No, listen." She held up her hand. "I nag. IÕm self-righteous and bossy. I'm finally at a point where I can accept that I'm not always right, but it still irritates the hell out of me when I'm not. I'm arrogant and analytical. I'm challenging. IÕm grating. I've got my own Code of Ethics where I frown on breaking one set of rules but not another. It doesn't make sense but sometimes, I don't. IÕm slow to experiment without evidence of success because IÕm afraid Ñ" ÒYou're more than all the negatives, love.Ó "I know that, but these are the pieces of me that Ron doesn't like, complains about, and wants to change. And while I'm capable of self-correcting, most days I don't want to because without those imperfections, without those bits of me that he finds aggravating, I'm not being true to myself. If I go back to him, we'll fight, and to keep a long-term peace, I'll stifle myself. IÕll placate him. I can't do that. I won't. I'd rather be alone than feel like I've got to be someone else." "You think I don't compromise with your father? ThereÑ" "The difference is that you two love each other." Hermione couldn't stop the swell of emotions. "Ron loves the version he imagines me to be without those flaws he hates so much, but it doesn't work because I'm not who he thinks I am or who I once was anymore. I'm me." Her mother sighed for what felt like the millionth time. "I want what's best for you." "You don't know what that is." Hermione looked away. "Dinner's getting cold. We shouldn't keep everyone waiting." After a gesture to lead the way and a short staring session that ended without resolution or any further disagreement, she followed her mother out. The table was as quiet as ever; her dad was halfway finished. Ron had waited to take even a single bite. When her mother sat down and began eating, he glanced over at Hermione, giving her a series of looksÑhis way of showing concern. She nodded in return and started on her lamb. "Dinner looks lovely." "Thank you." Her mother's response was crisp and dry, nothing like her previous exuberance. Hermione felt bad for being the cause of the mood shift, but she was more upset about the ground she would likely have to make up with her mum after that conversation. Dinner ended up being a quiet affair, layered with tension so heavy it weighed down every interaction. No one could sit still. Fingers drummed on the tabletop. Shoes tapped on the tile floors. Forks scraped against the plates. Ron chatted about inane topics, and her dad went from responding to stealing glances at her mother, who ate with a perfectly blank expression. She responded to Ron's idle chatter with fond looks, even when the topic was something wizarding that she had no understanding about. All attempts at drawing Hermione into the conversation ended with her mother returning to silence, so after a few times, she reduced herself to little intones to agree or disagree all while knowing one thing: Her mother's mood would last through the rest of the meal. And it did. Even through their dessert of orange honey cake with pistachios. She would have asked for the recipe, but her mother abruptly left to answer a phantom phone call after serving both her dad and Ron. With a shrug, Hermione plated a piece for herself while her dad watched. Ron wasn't so tactful, but he at least waited to talk about dinner until they had left her parents' and were sitting in the grass by the stream outside her house. "What happened with your mum? Cause she completely changed after you two got back from talking." "We talked about her meddling in things she doesn't understand." Hermione saw no point in lying. "You, to be exact." "Me?" "If she invites you to dinner againÑand I know she invited you this time." He winced. "JustÉ do us both a favour and decline." She listened to the slow moving water and the rumble of thunder coming from the south. "I don't want her to keep giving you the impression that you can change my mind when I know you can't." "Change your mind?" "You're not stupid, Ron. You know exactly what I'm talking about. There's only one reason why you would accept a dinner invitation from my mother without telling me. And you've had plenty of chances." In fact, just yesterday evening he'd come by only to find Hermione armed with potions and tea as gifts, on her way to Daphne and Dean's for a visit ahead of the birth of their baby. Ron had gone with her and lingered until sheÕd finished touring the nursery and chatting, accompanying her back home where theyÕd watched a film on the telly. Plenty of time to mention dinner with her parents. Ron sighed. His silly ploy at complete innocence was up. "I'm trying, Hermione." He threw a rock in the direction of the stream and frowned when he missed. "Just like I told you I would. TonightÉ didn't go so well." "Understatement." "What do you want me to do, Hermione? I'mÑ" "I want you to listen to me, rather than what you want. I didn't ask you to try. Quite the opposite, actually. I asked you to leave us in the past." He fixed her with a hard stare, but she didn't flinch. Didn't blink until he did. Ron rolled his eyes, his hair gently blowing in the evening breeze. "Why are you so against me? We loved each other at one point." Ron wasn't wrong. They loved each other through war and mourning, recovery and healing. Through thousands of fights, laughter and the silence between. Hermione thought of their time together in the way of first lovesÑwhen everything was a first and she had no understanding of the word and its true meaning; when she didn't even know or love herself. For the first couple of years, Hermione thought that love wouldn't be any harder than the war they'd just fought and the pain from the losses they'd incurred. She thought that love was the answer to all her questions. She believed love was about being needed and selflessly putting his happiness before her own; suffering in the name of the word just for the sake of some version of life she wasn't even sure she wanted. It was beautiful, in a poetic way, but unrealistic. Hermione grew older, as all people must. She changed; it was inevitable with the life she was living after the war. It wasn't exactly healthy or wise, but at that time, she was focused on the integral role she played in the Ministry as their champion. Little did she realise, she was actually their pet, running on their hamster wheel, wearing herself thin yet going nowhere. Initially, she hadn't sprouted in the right direction, but at least she was growing. But her love for Ron? That didn't grow. It stayed exactly the same. It got comfortable. Stagnant. As did he. More than that, what made things worse was that he wasn't interested. He felt that they were doing all right as they were, fights and clashes notwithstanding, as he battled for his top place in her priorities. As she rose in the ranks at work, Ron clung tighter to the person Hermione used to be. The girl from Hogwarts. The girl in the tent. The girl that put his needs higher in the months (and years) after the war because of the loss of Fred. The girl that made him comfortable due to nothing more than familiarity and proximity. The girl she couldn't be anymore, not only because she had been working too hard to give him the attention he craved, but because Hermione wanted more. After the death of their relationship, Hermione thought more was career-related, but it wasnÕt. Not completely. That was something she'd learned through the hindsight provided by the damage she'd done to herself and the fallout of her carelessness. The mending and restoration had led to more self-assessment in the months that followed her departure. It took therapy, buying a house, and starting a gardenÑit took becoming a HealerÑfor Hermione to heal herself. Not from what had happened, but from all the trauma she'd been too distracted helping everyone else overcome to deal with on her own. It had taken a complete overhaul to become more aware of her identity and reconnect with who she had been before the war versus after, now with the full understanding of how one had become the other. She hadn't determined what that more was, but she knew what it wasn't. And to her, more didn't involve going backwards. Only moving forward. "Nothing to say?" Hermione snorted. "You know me better than that." "I do." Ron sounded so earnest. "I'm tired of talking about this." "I think you're being stubborn and unreasonable." Ron's undertone of irritation and bitterness burst out into the open, giving voice to feelings he'd been suppressing for the entirety of their short conversation. "You've never moved on, you've neverÑ" "That's factually inaccurate. I don't need to be with someone else to prove to you I've moved on. I'm sick and tired of having to explain myself. I'm tired of you thinking that I have toÑ" "I'm not telling you that you have to do anything. I'm saying that I'm here and I want to try and see if we can get back to what we used to have. I wantÑ" "Do I matter that little to you?" Her voice was smaller than intended, but full of everything she felt. "You matter a lot to me, Hermione. Of course, you do! It's why I keep trying, even though you refuse to give me a chance. That's all I want. One chance." "One chance to do what exactly? You want so much from me, Ron, but what I want doesn't matter. That's not love. That's not what it means and how it's supposed to feel." "HermÑ" "It's about mutual respect and acceptance without making one person feel less thanÑwithout making them feel like their wants are born out of stubbornness. It's about so much more than that." "Hermione, I know what love is, and I know we had it. We owe it to ourselves, our friends, and our families toÑ" "I don't owe you or anyone anything.Ó The words burned their way out before she could temper her own flames. "I only owe it to myself to always be the best version of who I am at every point in my life. I owe it to myself to be happy.Ó Ron lifted his eyes to hers. "I'm not always happy, Ron. I'm restless and I haven't figured out exactly what I want or what I'm looking for. But I want to." Her confession was hard to speak out loud, but even more difficult to admit to herself. Raw emotion coursed through her, growing wilder by the second. Tears rolled down her cheeks, but she didn't hide them. Not from him and not from herself. "I want to figure it out. I don't want to settle, and you shouldn't either. You should want more than that. You deserve better than someone who doesn't want the same things as you." Ron looked away, his lips pressed tight while Hermione further opened the door to the parts of her that she had kept private. Secret. Tamped down during their relationship and in the years following. "IÉ I want to be seen. I want intimacy. I want a connection. I want to be turned inside out by someone who knows me just as well as I know myself. I want someone who loves me for who I am, and you don't. I can't keep bending and contorting and stretching myself thin to keep the peace and make you happy. I'll snap. Again." The memory left him unsettled. "Hermione." "I love myself. I know my value. Maybe I'll find what I'm looking for, maybe I won't, but I'll wait the rest of my life before I settle for anything less than what I deserve. And I deserve to be loved correctlyÉ or not at all." If it doesn't set your soul on fire, it's not worth the burn. C. Churchill Chapter End Notes A/N: Happy Friday! This was in the threeway tie for one of my favorite chapters I've written so far. So much happens and foreshadowing galore and deeper meanings to actions and words. My jam. Art for this chapter: Character Sketches by kikorenart Chapter12:Touch MeNot Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Twelve Touch Me Not May 28, 2011 When the first bookstore opened in Godric's Hollow, Hermione was at the front of the line. She became a frequent enough visitor that the owner offered to unlock the doors two hours early. Just for her. Hermione's presence in town was met with odd looks and the occasional wizard who would ask for a photo. But everyone mostly left her alone. Still as quaint as she remembered when she'd come with Harry, the village had expanded in the years after the war, but it was a ghost town early Saturday morning when she knocked on the door of the bookstore. The bell on top of the door jingled as it opened, and the owner greeted her with a smile. "Ah, Miss Granger. I've got some new selections for you to peruse." "No books today. I'm here for journals for the kids." It was something she'd started doing for Harry's kids a few years before, a set of blank pages she encouraged them to fill with whatever they wanted. A creative outlet. Hermione picked out a pink one with unicorns for Lily to fill with scribbles and artwork. James would stack his with an assortment of his interests, which included Quidditch, and Hermione found one covered in Snitches for him. Al was a little harder to choose for, but she found a journal with planets on the cover that she knew he would like. Hermione turned, her elbow catching another journal and knocking it on the floor. She picked it up, ready to return it to its spot, but caught sight of familiar constellations on the front. Al would likely run out of pages first and he loved the stars. She slid it on top of the other three. It never hurt to have a spare. The journals were half-forgotten, nestled deep in her trusty beaded bag, when she made her second stop to pick up a special order kneeling pad for Narcissa's comfort. To reward herself for her continued ability to compromise, Hermione indulged in an aloe plant, too. She was in the process of paying when she spotted a drooping cactus. "Is this priced correctly?" It was early. When the teenaged clerk covered a yawn with his fist, Hermione didn't judge him. Free Cactus. Couldn't be correct. Everything had a price, even a sagging plant. Hermione had never seen a plant look so sad, but when she grazed her fingers against its spines, pushing to find any soft spots that would determine if the plant had, in fact, already died, it still pricked her. It was very much alive. It made her smile with thoughts about something else that was just as small and defensive. Perfect, really. "The price is correct." The clerk shrugged. "Do you want it? If no one takes it by the end of the week, my boss told me to bin it." Hermione didn't believe in lost causes, so she ended up with a drooping cactus. The first thing she did upon returning home was place the aloe plant with the others in her conservatory. The second thing she did was search every room of her house that contained books for a very specific one that would help her situation. One about desert plants. Hermione already had one cactus. Luna brought it back from Mexico. Spelled to keep dry from the rain and humidity, it had no business surviving the English winters in a large pot outside her back door, but it had stubbornly lived through the last three and showed no signs of dying. So long as she left it alone. When it didn't need pruning and she didn't need its water for a potion, Hermione forgot she even had it. At long last, she found what she was looking for. Relaxing on the ottoman in the conservatory to read, she set the droopy cactus on the small table next to her to bask in the sun. Her skim of pertinent information didn't take long. The cactus wasn't dying. It had been kept in a cold store when it needed warmth, neglected without enough light or water. Of course it was sagging, it was stressed. Hermione could remedy that. "Shall we, little one?" With dragon-hide gloves, she set a stasis charm and spent the rest of the hour humming to music from the Wireless as she worked to re-pot the prickly little plant. Hermione considered placing it with the other succulents, but changed her mind. It needed time and attention and the right amount of space. Maybe then it would perk up and grow. Her wards announced the arrival of Pansy, as well as a surprise in the form of a chipper Daphne. Hermione took off her gloves before leaving to greet her guests, stealing a final glance over her shoulder at her pitiful cactus. She was passing the table when Pansy came through the door of the conservatory bearing breakfast with coffees floating above the boxes. Daphne waddled behind her, already sipping on what looked like juice with a straw. They sat at the table and ate French toast because Daphne had a craving for it, which prompted a trip to the city. "Don't judge me," she said after she finished her meal and half of Pansy's. "I'm celebrating." "Oh?" Hermione was curious. "Yes, I went to visit Scorpius and he looked at me." That instantly snatched both her and Pansy's attention. Daphne grinned. "It was only for a second, butÉ" It was progress. "I didn't stay long. Things were tense after Scorpius went to bed. Draco brought up therapy to see if I knew anyone in the area for childrenÑ" Because Daphne had a standing appointment with one and had for years. Hermione had to force herself to breathe. Malfoy had actually listened. "What happened?" "Not sure, but Narcissa wasn't keen on the idea, saying there was nothing wrong with him. That he's stubborn. DracoÉ he got frustrated and stormed out. I wasn't trying to be around Narcissa any longer than necessary so I left as well." "Oh, that's interesting." "Yes, but also odd. Still, I won't complain. I'm going to ask my therapist for recommendations." With renewed hunger, she ate French toast to celebrate small victories. "I'm growing a life and trying not to end Dean's because he's hovering." Daphne rubbed her belly fondly. Hermione laughed along with Pansy. "Laugh now, but at some point you'll both be where I am now." They both stopped laughing. Pansy blanched. "Hope to fucking Merlin not! Besides, I can speak for Granger as well when I say I am happily self-coupled." Secretly, Hermione didn't completely reject the idea. In the future. Maybe. "Wait a minute." Daphne cocked a blond eyebrow. "Didn't you spray your perfume on Percy Weasley's invitation to your Summer Solstice party?" "I would neverÑ" Pansy looked scandalised. At the disbelief on their faces, she tried another angle. "It was a slip of the hand." "Try again." They said in unison. "Perhaps I might have done that, but how dare you ruin our circle of trust, Daphne?" "Oh, I already knew, if that's what you're worried about." Hermione waved a lazy hand. "Dean gave Percy the invitation so of course he told Ron about it. Ron told me the day before yesterday." "Did he like it?" Pansy asked in an uncharacteristic rush. "Ron didn't give a detailed account of his reaction, but I know that he cleared his schedule to attend," Hermione said. Pansy smothered her pleased expression by smiling into her cup. "Last I checked, you were complaining about his flowers. What changed?" "Somehow he figured that I like orchids and tulips." Pansy gave her a knowing glare. Hermione looked away and whistled. Pansy rolled her eyes. "That's what I thought. Anyway, I saw him at the Ministry. He asked me to take tea with him so, naturally, I gave him the most complicated tea request I could think of, just to be a bitchÑ" Of course she did. "But by the time I made it to his office, he had a cup waiting for me. It was impressive. And the conversation wasn't dull. He invited me to lunch on Tuesday, but I haven't responded yet. He's quiteÉ rigid." Hermione and Daphne exchanged knowing looks. Pansy's ex-husband had been a strict traditionalist and a very controlling man who made her feel worthless. They both knew their friend ran at a moment's notice when anything reminded her of what she'd left behind. "Percy isÉ" Hermione chose her words carefully. "Okay, yes, he's rigid and a bit intense, but he's a good man. And who knows? He might be good for you." "Was that supposed to be a pep talk?" Pansy finished her juice. "Because bloody hell, Granger, that was terrible." They all laughed. "Wear something floral," Daphne suggested. "How do you know I'm going to say yes?" "Because I know you." Hermione never understood their dynamic. They were close, but also cycled between hating and loving each other. Regularly. When Daphne and Dean eloped about a year after the war Ñto everyone's shockÑthe former had been distraught when Pansy had cut her out like everyone else. Of course, Pansy had moved to Germany and was preparing to marry at the time. When she returned with bruises from her mother's hexes and a wild determination to become a new person, Daphne's hurt resurfaced. They argued and fought until Astoria's condition deteriorated, when the Malfoys returned to London and the inevitable turned into any day now. When she died and Daphne started to drown in her grief, Pansy had all but moved into their home for a week to help Dean keep her afloat. For herself and the baby she was carrying. Pansy had fed her crackers while she'd cried. Sat in the tub and held her hand while Dean kept her hair back as she got sick. Stayed by her side when she'd wandered around listless. Hugged her when she'd wanted it. Left her alone when she'd needed it. Pansy had even become quite adept at cleaning charms. And how did Hermione know all this? Because she'd let Pansy talk it out. Every day. And grieve on her sofa. Every night. Initially, Dean hadn't been enthused, but after a few days, when Harry had asked him how it was going with Pansy's invasion after they'd dragged him out for a pint, he'd finished his and said, "She's not so bad." A week hadn't been enough, but Pansy knew it was time to leave them to pick up the pieces together. Rebuild. And they did. They still were. "Why were you at the Ministry anyway?" Hermione asked. "I went to have lunch with Draco to annoy him into letting us take him to dinnerÑ" Pansy glanced at Daphne. "He said yes, by the way. To the group dinner." Daphne smiled and adjusted in her chair. "How much did he argue?" "He said yes." "That's not what I asked." "You know, let's leave it at him agreeing." Pansy lazily waved her hand. "The rest is irrelevant." "SoÉ" Daphne trailed off with an excited look. "Important question: will there be cake?" Hermione chuckled to herself, but then frowned, slightly lost. "Sorry, whose birthday is it?" They both looked at her as if she'd gone insane. "It's Draco's." "I didn't know that." If she had known that at some point, time made the exact date vanish from her memory. Narcissa hadn't mentioned anything about his birthdayÑor about himÑ only the end of season soirŽe she had been chosen to host before the start of summer. "I suppose you wouldn't." Pansy shrugged. "Well, his birthday is on June fifth, and he's agreed to dinner. Nothing fancy, of course. Want to join us?" Hermione thought she was addressing Daphne, but as it turned out, they were both looking at her. "UmmÉ Malfoy and I aren'tÉ" He was a curiosity she had only just admitted to having. Outside of that, they were acquaintances, but certainly not friendly enough for her to attend his birthday dinner. "We're not too much of anything, really. Outside of helping him and Harry with the logistics of a raid they're working on, and morning tea discussions about articles in the paper, we don't really speak." They exchanged puzzled glances. "Morning tea discussions?" Pansy folded her hands on her lap. "And that isÉ?" Uncomfortable under two sets of probing eyes, Hermione awkwardly looked away while examining the ends of her hair. She needed a trim. "We discuss the articles in the paper he's reading. I'm usually making breakfast, but I make him a cup of tea. It's a fruity blend Narcissa likes." They looked even more confused. "Draco prefers either coffee or tea so strong it's almost black. He also has never let me make him a cup of tea," Pansy said with strange seriousness. "Could be because you're shite at it." Hermione's sarcastic comeback was ignored. "Also he won't allow outsideÉ well, anything. Nor will he eat or drink something when he can't identify where it's come from. I'm surprised he lets you make Narcissa's mealsÑhe's paranoid." Pansy and Daphne gave each other cagey glances. "With good reason." Great. Now there were even more questions crashing together like waves against rocks, but she thought it best if she gave them time to subside. Calm down. Arrange themselves in logical order. Preferably when she had a Quick-Quotes Quill. Or a tape recorder. "Not sure what to say," Hermione murmured. She was certain he watched her. Maybe that was due to his paranoia that she might lace Narcissa's food, which was patently ridiculous. If Hermione truly wanted to harm his mother, all she had to do was wait. "As for our mornings, that's how they go. He used to read, work on his crossword, and leave, but now he talks either very little or at length." It depended on his mood and level of agitation with her. "But he leaves at precisely seven every morning." Despite that one break in the habit. "Oh!" Pansy snapped her fingers. "How did dinner go with your parents?" "Abysmally." Hermione sighed. "Ron was there. My mother was trying to play matchmaker." They both winced, but it was Daphne who spoke up. "I heard." "How?" The fact that their conversation had already spread amongst their friend group made her intensely uncomfortable. Hermione was a private person who kept everything personal close to her chest. Ron, who had so many siblings, never had privacy, so he saw no issues with sharing. Their relationship problems being known and spoken about had been one of their many issues while they were dating. "After he left you, he went to the pub with Dean and Neville. Dean told me, obviously," Daphne said. Apparently she hadn't told Pansy, who looked betrayed. "Wasn't my place. I'll admit, I thought at some point he'd convince you, but I'm glad to be wrong." Pansy relaxed in her chair. "Sounds like you're finally admitting that you're not fine as you are." A sharp spike in adrenaline accompanied her words, but when Pansy held her hand up, Hermione settled down. "I don't want details. I'm glad you've stopped lying to yourself and I don't have to worry about you going back to that Weasley." She shuddered delicately. "Why would you both think that?" "I like visiting you," Daphne admitted. "Not just because we've gotten close over the years or because I've found peace here since my sister died. I come here to keep you company. It wasn't the only reason Girls' Night was started, but it was one reason. Ginny thoughtÑwell, we all know that lonely people will get to the point where they'll do what it takes to not be lonely anymore." Hermione was embarrassed. Shocked. Half of her wanted to be angry, to declare that their worries weren't necessary, but the other part secretly knew they had a point, and maybe even a reason to worry enough to start a group activity. "I understand that you all were acting as my friends, but I'm not that person. IÑ" "We know that now," Daphne interjected. "But it's hard to tell what you will and won't do because you're guarded and you keep yourself incredibly busy. You seem okay, especially when you're taking on everything and everyone effortlessly, but I know how that looks. I've seen it in DraÑ" She cut herself off and looked down. "Anyway, I thought eventually you would get tired of it and go back. Besides, when you two had that one off two years agoÑ" "Merlin, don't remind me," Pansy blurted out. "I was barely your mate then but I wanted to shove you off a cliff when you told me what had happened." "I believe you told me just that." Loudly and with a lot more swearing, if Hermione recalled correctly. "There was also mention of me being too smart to do something so fucking idiotic." Pansy nodded in agreement. Daphne sipped her juice. "Ron will get over the wound to his ego, but for what it's worth, I'm glad you're not going to settle." "Tell me that again when I'm forty and surrounded by cats and chickens. IÑ" "No more bloody chickens!" Pansy exclaimed. "Fuck off with that." "They're cute." Daphne laughed. "I can't remember which one pecked me so I hate them all." Pansy sulked. "Well, I'm not settling, so no worries there." "Good." Pansy reached for Daphne's juice, but got her hand slapped. Something must have triggered a thought because Pansy's eyes widened; defeat all but forgotten. "Speaking of drinksÑ" "Literally, no one was speaking about drinks," Daphne deadpanned. "Semantics." A handwave later and Pansy had fully shifted towards Hermione. "About my inhibition potion for my solstice party. How is it coming along? Did Blaise deliver what you needed?" "One question at a time. It's going well. Blaise delivered everything I needed so I'll brew it today. If we've missed anything, I have to do inventory later so I'll be sure to send him a list. It should be ready before the party." "I'll make sure he doesn't delay." "How strong are you making it?" Daphne asked. Hermione smiled. "Strong enough for Pansy to willingly say hello to Cho." Daphne cut her eyes. "Why exactly don't you like her? I need details, because your hatred of herÑwhile comicalÑis confusing." Pansy was ready. Almost like she'd been waiting for this. "She's too nice, too positive, too pretty, too smart, too humbleÑ" "SoÉ" Daphne dragged the word out. "Correct me if I'm wrong, but you don't like Cho Chang because she's a good person?" "Exactly!" Then Pansy reconsidered her stance. "Well, sort of. It's really because she's too good of a person. It's unnatural. She forgave Granger for disfiguring her friendÑ" "That was literally half a lifetime ago," Hermione argued. "We've all grown up and Marietta's face is fine." Once the word vanished after a few years. She was aware that she could have handled that better. Shockingly, there were no hard feelings. The last time she had seen Marietta was at Padma's engagement dinner in February. Marietta was an Unspeakable, married to a wizard who worked in Magical Transportation. They had two childrenÑgirls. Her life was normal and she was happy. "But still!" Pansy argued. "If someone disfigured me, would you forgive them?" Daphne paused for so long it made Pansy scowl. "I mean, let's be honest. Granger's a fighter and will most likely be doing the disfiguringÉ" "I am not!" Hermione's indignation was wholly ignored. "As for me, it depends on what you did, and if I like you at that moment." Daphne flashed a too-wide grin. Pansy fixed her lips to argue, but changed her mind. "Okay, that's fair." Hermione cleared her throat. "I would like to point out that I'm out of the disfigurement game." "Sure you are." Hermione turned to Daphne for assistance, but only received a raised eyebrow in return. Then she pushed her hair over her shoulder and adjusted in her seat for a third time. By the way she was holding her round belly, it had less to do with discomfort of the chair and more to do with being kicked in the ribs by an active baby. "Face it, Granger," Daphne said finally. "You're always willing to do what you feel is right, and if that means charming a parchment to make sure everyone remains loyal, then so be it. It's ruthless in a morally grey way that I can respect." She gave a half shrug and Pansy nodded along in agreement. "You'll fight for anything you believe in, even when it's not your war." "That's who I am." Hermione looked over, catching sight of the drooping cactus bathed in sunlight. "I think you both know, like I do, that some things are worth fighting for." Hermione made a promise to not work on the weekends. For five days, she worked diligently, but the weekends were her time to do what she pleased. A chance to refresh. A break from the pressures and routine of working and caring for patients. And with a patient like Narcissa Malfoy, she needed the time away. Just after Daphne and Pansy left, Draco Malfoy's name appeared on her calendar. Hermione almost declined, and would have had she been confident that he would reschedule for another day during the week, rather than the more likely alternative: not at all. Except he owed her. And yet. Some battles weren't worth starting, let alone fighting, so she accepted the meeting. Hermione went about her chores: gardening and watering the plants in the greenhouse, feeding the chickens, and collecting eggs. She made a mealÑroasted chicken and potatoesÑ as his meeting would run right into dinner time. Or over, should it take longer than anticipated to answer the questions. Time got away from her, as it often did. The sun had peaked in the sky when she turned her work indoors. After a quick lunch, she had an even quicker Floo call with Ginny. The kids wanted to talk to her. Mainly Albus, who inquired about several things, including his marker and his future friend. She got off the call wondering if Harry and Malfoy had talked about their sons' meeting. The lack of surprise from Ginny told her that he'd at least brought it up to her. That was something. Hermione glanced at her watch. There was time for one last task before Malfoy's arrival. That way, after he left, she could relax until it was time to meet everyone for drinksÑa monthly (or so) outing that had evolved over the years and blended all her social circles together for one loud and boisterous evening. Motivated, she began the careful process of hanging herbs to dry in the designated area inside her brewing room, all while making notes of ingredients she would need to order from Blaise with a Quick-Quotes Quill. Focused on her task, Hermione barely registered the tingle of her wards coming to life, signalling the acceptance of a new arrival. Malfoy. She figured he would remain in her office, poking around her space as she'd done his, so she finished hanging the last of her muslin bags from the ceiling. After dusting her hands off on her jeans, Hermione glanced down at herself and frowned at her denim smock dress, black leggings, and green Wellies. Not very professional, but impressing Draco Malfoy wasn't her job. Hermione fixed her messy bun and threw open the door to her brewing room only to find Malfoy there. The only hint of his hesitation and discomfort was the way his focus initially was further down the hall, searching. Until it shifted to her. They both froze like statues. If her heart leapt in her chest, no one was any the wiser. Hand still on the door, Hermione's fingers tightened around the knob. "I assumed that you would wait in my office." "I wasn't sure if you had received the meeting invitation via the Magi-Scheduler. It appears that youÉ" Malfoy trailed off, looking past her into the brewing room; his expression slowly morphing into intrigue. "You have a brewing room?" "Yes, IÉ" The words died on her tongue when Malfoy took an unconscious, distracted step towards her, entering into the outer edges of her space. Hermione wanted to step back, but there was nowhere to go. It wasn't either's first breach, but this one made her take notice. After that night with Scorpius, Malfoy had maintained his distance. Physical or otherwise. It seemed like a conscious effort. He would observe and dissect, comment and argue each of his points to resolution, but he operated from the safety of his own citadel. Never leaving. But Malfoy's almost unlimited self-control, and his aloof and guarded manner weren't limited to just her. Hermione hadn't bothered to analyse him or compare his treatment of others to the times when he'd stepped too close to her because it had never mattered. Until it did. Unsure of her own voice, Hermione stepped aside. "Would you like a tour?" Malfoy accepted her invitation with one of his piercing looks. With nothing else to do, Hermione watched him as he explored from the doorway. He had dressed casually, though it didn't seem like the best word to describe his attire. Still black, but more relaxed. The fit of his trousers wasn't so perfect and the top two buttons of his dress shirt were unbuttoned. He didn't even wear a jacket or tie. Business casual. Malfoy's first stop on his journey around the room was to the wall alongside the door with floor to ceiling bookshelves. It was filled to the brim with potion tomes that he greeted by running his fingers across the spines, stopping every so often to read a title. The careful manner in which he explored caused an odd feeling to blossom in her chest, one she didn't know how to describe, only that it didn't feel right. Strange. His shoes echoed on the stone floor as he continued walking. He had a quick look in her drying space, where herbs hung low from the ceiling in muslin bags. It was perfect for her height to reach up, but a challenge for him if he didn't want to bump into any of the sacks and disrupt their progress. With one backwards step, Malfoy exited, turning towards the main attraction. Her cauldrons. All of them. Beneath two large windows with the curtains currently drawn, there was a table that stretched the entire width of the room. Five cauldrons of increasing size and density sat on top, made with different bases and equally spaced apart with spots to prepare and chop. Each cauldron had a specific purpose. All were ready for immediate use with a small, hovering bookstand, ready to meet her at the cauldron of her choosing. Under the table were extras that weren't needed oftenÑthe rare ones. With his hands behind his back, Malfoy examined each in a silence so tense she wanted to fill it with words. Something. Hermione only barely managed to stop herself from providing a lengthy explanation about her reasoning behind having so many cauldrons. There was an odd feeling growing in her chest as he went from small to largeÉ and then turned his attention to the largest of them all. Aptly nicknamed by Harry when she'd first purchased it, Tank was the focal point of her brewing room and easily large enough to completely submerge her should she sit inside. To use it, due to her height, Hermione had to stand on a stool. Malfoy wouldn't need anything. Like the others, he inspected it with the same careful ease he showed all her cauldrons. He walked around Tank twice. The second time he brought one hand from behind him to run a finger along the brim as if he were checking for dust. Her fidgeting worsened as his tour continued. Wringing her hands together. Tapping her foot. Playing with her hair. Dusting invisible dirt from her smock dress. Hermione finally wrapped her fingers around her left wrist and squeezed to tamp down the peculiar feeling twisting and heating up inside her. Or, she tried to. But it wasn't working. Malfoy vanished into her stores with its rows of shelves that started just off the floor and ended right above the doorway, packed with ingredients she'd either stored herself or purchased. For a second, she remembered that her Quick-Quotes Quill was still in there, ready to continue her list. She wondered if he would look. Probably. Then she wondered if she would still feel so strange if he were making commentsÑcritical or otherwiseÑor maybe even if he asked questions. But he said nothing. His expression wasn't detached, but it wasn't welcoming either. Intrigued, but not exuberant. His unresponsiveness marched her closer to an unfamiliar edge. The longer Malfoy was out of sight, the more Hermione continued to stew in discomfortÉ until the answer dawned on her like a lost key that had been in her hand all along. No one had ever explored this room. And now MalfoyÑof all peopleÑwas inspecting a private, uncharted part of her world. A place here Hermione spent enough time to not see the flawsÑteacups left around the room, bulbs that needed changing. Tank could use a thorough cleaning as well. The invasion didn't feel good. Not because of anything he was doing. All she could do was wonder what he was thinkingÑ if he was thinking anything at all. Was he observing her world instead of judging it? And did he like what he saw? She needed to know the answer, if only to satisfy a minuscule part of her curiosity. Hermione rubbed her temple, dragging her hand down her face and cursing herself for not redirecting him to her office. By the time Malfoy emerged from her stores, face still annoyingly blank, Hermione had managed to wrangle her features into an arrangement resembling clinical neutrality, but only after she'd wrestled her agitation into submission. "Are you finished?" In lieu of an answer, Malfoy took one last look around. "I wasn't aware that you brewed in your home." "Your mother's potions need to be made weekly. Where else would I be able to brew?" He looked back at her, grey eyes slightly widening with surprise. Meanwhile, hers narrowed. "She didn't tell you?" "We don't discuss her treatment." Malfoy's face hardened, confirming what she had already observed: they didn't discuss much of anything. Malfoy touched Tank's bookstand. "I still find it strange that you're the one who brews my mother's potions." "We're not about to have this brewing with books argument again." "I'd rather not repeat that exercise in futility." "You still disagree with my method, then?" "I doubt a few weeks will change either of our fundamentally different stances on the subject. My surprise stems from the fact that not only do you brew, but you have an entire room dedicated to a craft that you're not passionate about." "I think the fact that I have an entire room shows at least some level of passion." "Perhaps to your career, but not to the art." Hermione fought back a scoff. "That's a bold assumption." "Tell me then." His eyes fell on her like lead weights. "Am I wrong?" Well, no. He wasn't. Which burned. Hermione would rather fling herself off the metaphorical bridge she was trying to construct than give Malfoy the satisfaction of being correct. That had been a lucky guess. "Are you still checking your mother's potions batch?" "Yes." Malfoy matched her in both attitude and posture. "I make it my business to look at everything and everyone that enters my home." "Because you only trust yourself." Now it was his turn to remain silent. It felt like they'd reached a stalemate; neither were gaining any ground. Rather than dig trenches, Hermione gestured to the door. "We should get on with the purpose of your visit. If you'll follow me." Watching with a certain level of questioning discomfort as he took one last look around before following her out, Hermione took a large step back once he filled the space in the hall with his presence. "Lead the way, Granger." Normally, she would have routed him back to her office for their meeting, but her own agitation made her change her mind and adjust. She needed the space. "Just a moment." Hermione left him standing there, deliberately ignoring the look on his face. After gathering everything she neededÑmaking certain not to forget the recorder for the bits she inevitably missedÑshe returned to Malfoy, who hadn't moved. If she caught him still glancing back to her brewing room, wellÉ it gave Hermione the answer she had been trying to discern from his silence. Malfoy approved. Hermione continued down the hall that led to the open space of her living room and kitchen. Looking over her shoulder, she wasn't surprised to find him taking it all in, scrutinising her home. He had only seen from the outside, and it was so different from his. Colour in spots where his was neutral, cluttered where his was empty. The scent of cooked food still lingering in the air, and two plates sat on the island under stasis charms. She thought Malfoy would comment, but he didn't. "This way." Hermione opened the door to her conservatory, leading the way to the table. Malfoy stood in the doorway, eyes moving back and forth, taking in what his mother had called her jungle the day before. Whether that had been a compliment remained to be determined. Hermione was setting up the table when Malfoy finally joined her, retrieving a shrunken briefcase from his pocket. He took his eyes off their surroundings to spell the briefcase back to its regular size. After summoning what he needed, his glasses and the parchment she'd presented him with, he stood next to his chair, his eyes on her. Waiting. Maybe for her. Maybe for the battle to begin. But today, there was no need for a fight. Not when his presence was the equivalent of an armistice. However temporary. "Before we start, I suggest we take a short walk. We can call it a continuation of the tour or an icebreaker." It wasn't a stretch at all, or even an uncommon act when meeting with a family member of a patient. Malfoy looked at her as if she were asking him to do the impossible, like stand in the centre of an inferno and not choke on the flames. "An icebreaker?" The texture of his voice felt like silk brushing against her nerves. "The activity would be appropriate if we were strangers. I don't believe you and I meet the qualifications. First and foremost, we aren't strangers." Hermione folded her arms. "But we aren't friends." "You're correct." They weren't anything at all outside of people whose lives had been entwined to the point where they shared space, conversation, and a rare meal. Two people who had grown up together, seen each other in school for years, interacted, but didn't know each other at all. Her analysis felt like a gross oversimplification of the complex maze that was their past and present, but that was the best Hermione could do with the question mark standing in front of her. "I still think an icebreaker wouldÑ" "You didn't invite me here to get to know me. You invited me to answer forty-six questions, but since you insist, Granger, lead the way." After a lingering look, Hermione did just that. The late May air was warm and slightly humid; the breeze was still scented from last night's rain. It was sunny out, something that was becoming less rare as they marched towards summer. Blue skies expanded in all directions with thin clouds that did little to block the sun. But that didn't matter. It might not have been a true icebreaker, but Hermione found that she needed the moment more than Malfoy did. She began to unfurl like a tightly closed flower under the expanse of the afternoon sky, that coiled spring inside her chest slowly unravelling. The inhale she took was deep, rehabilitating, and when she exhaled, it felt like the first time she'd done so in weeks. The air around them had little to do with the simmering tension Hermione constantly felt in his presenceÑthat was as normal to her as magic itself. No, the environment was peaceful. Relaxing. Liberating. Removed from civilization, all that was left was the green expanse of the pasture that stretched to the edges of the forest, clucking chickens, wind rustling the trees in the breeze, and the small, unconscious reminders of Malfoy's presence. He hadn't so much as looked in her direction since opening the door with a polite yet stiff 'after you' gesture. His grey eyes had taken to the skies and the world beyond her home, absorbing everything. Malfoy looked indifferent. His default setting. But with each glance Hermione stole, the more she wondered and thought something might be there. A quizzical sort of approval. Or she was hallucinating and it was nothing. But then Malfoy abruptly stopped and looked back. "You grow mainly herbs and both root and leafy vegetables outdoors." That was not a comment Hermione had expected. "Yes, at least I do at this time of year. There are a few fruits I'm growing out here." She pointed to each. "Strawberries are over there, rhubarb. I've cleared that bed to plant pumpkins, and that one is for courgettes." "And you grow all of this for your patients." Another one of his non-questions that begged for an answer. "Mostly, but also for my family, friends, and myself. It's purposeful." Hermione looked around and a random thought struck her at the oddest of moments. "Scorpius would love it here." "What makes you say that?" Hermione could tell he was ready for an argument, but in defence rather than offence. She made herself relax, removed the natural edge from her tone, and continued walking, only looking over at Malfoy when he started walking with her again. She stared straight ahead, smiling as she thought of the little boy holding the spring of mint like it was something precious. "He likes plants." Loves was the more appropriate phrase, given his reaction to each sprig and clipping Hermione let him hold over breakfast. Narcissa allowed it, as she had a similar passion, but said nothing. She watched. Observed. She had questions, Hermione could tell, and they likely pertained to the fact that every day since he'd taken her hand, Scorpius was shifting closer, looking at her more, staring. When Hermione sat next to him instead of across the table the day before, he'd held the hem of her shirt for most of breakfast. Neither of them had moved until it was time for him to go to his lessons. It had been a blur trying to divide her attention between Narcissa and Scorpius, but the only thing she remembered was not wanting to sever the literal connection he had reached for. "And you know this how?" "I bring him a clipping or a sprig of a plant each day. Or, at least I have been since Tuesday." When confusion crossed his strong features, Hermione knew just what to say. "Your mother knows." Which didn't return Malfoy to his default. His quiet demand for more became louder in the silence, but there wasn't much to tell. Each reaction to a new plant was slightly different than the previous. Chamomile got her worried looks until Narcissa lifted the book to cover her eyes. Lavender was the first he'd accepted in his grandmother's presence. Rosemary stirred his curiosity. And yesterday, he held on to the parsley longer than he had any of the others. Hermione found herself already planning, listing, and ordering herbs that she wantedÑ "So he likes plants." Malfoy's statement ended her musing abruptly. "Yes." There was a small part of her that waited with bated breath for further questions and scrutiny, but none came from the man beside her who observed everything with his hands clasped behind his back. Malfoy continued walking and Hermione fell in step with him, only stopping once they reached the greenhouse and he opened the door for her without asking. "I canÑ" Malfoy held the door open wider, barely concealed impatience etched in his expression. Exactly why he was doing it had little to do with want and more to do with his own etiquette, manners, and training. She really hated that word. With a huff, she walked through the door and when she heard it shut with a soft click, Hermione turned and caught him. Malfoy's hand was still on the knob, but his sharp eyes were everywhere, taking in the space she spent as much time in as she did the inside of her home. There was a part of her that wanted to be as uncomfortable with his exploration here as she had been in the brewing room, but he didn't seem judgmental. Just curious. Malfoy walked past her as if she didn't exist, but she casually invited him to have a look around. Not that he heard her. Hermione excused herself to fix a few of the large bags of soil that were leaning precariously. The task took longer than anticipated. One of the bags was close to ripping and then she decided where they were wasn't the best place. A few charms later and her task was complete. She didn't have to look long to find Malfoy. Draco In The Greenhouse Source: Jaxxinabox Black contrasted with everything vibrant and light. Against the lush surroundings of her greenhouse, Malfoy was striking. When he carded his fingers through his hairÑ She took out her wand to check the temperature control charms. The charms were fine. Weirdly enough. Hermione joined him in front of the tangerine tree. None were ripe yet, but there would be plenty when it was ready. She followed him over to the lemons that were mere days away from pickable condition. "No wonder you needed my mother's help with gardening." "I didn't need it, per se." Or her very haughty criticisms ofÉ well, everything, but missing Auror and lost memories aside, the experience hadn't been entirely negative. Oddly, she was looking forward to their next gardening session. "It was a compromise." "Funny, she's never been good at those until you." She snorted. "She's likely never needed to study the art until me, so there's that." Malfoy didn't disagree. "I also don't think I've seen my mother so frustrated with a person." "Outside of you?" Narcissa was endlessly frustrated, both with her son and by his actionsÉ or lack thereof. He didn't issue a denial. Nor did he argue. Malfoy did what he was good at: he created a diversion. "What are the empty tables for?" "For expansion purposes." She skimmed her fingers along the green leaf of the arka plant. "I have to ensure the quality of the ingredients I use for the potions I brew for my patients." Malfoy remained silent, but when he spoke up, his tone was even and casual, even if his words were not. "Have you answered your questions yet?" "About?" "Me." "IÉ" Hermione's mouth dropped open as she sputtered, shocked and unable to form a good argument that he wouldn't cut through with the same finesse he employed on his crosswords. There was space between them, but it barely equalled a metre. Hermione lifted her chin to keep watch. In the unfiltered brightness of the greenhouse, Malfoy's eyes were piercing, searching, cold despite the controlled warmth of the space. Feeling cornered in an open room wasn't new, but when Malfoy turned and eliminated half the distance between them, she felt the uptick of her pulse, felt time all around her slow, felt that familiar sensation of fight or flight. "I know when I'm being analysed, Granger," Malfoy said, still probing for whatever it was about her thatÑif Harry's comment was to be believedÑdidn't ring true or honest. "You've been assessing me since becoming my mother's Healer. You've been doing it since I got here." "So have you." Warring emotions should have stolen her eloquence, but instead it made her bolder. "Have you figured me out?" The silence felt never-ending. Hermione used it to predict his next move and figure out her own. She knew Malfoy was doing the same. But then he stepped away, continuing his tour of her world. Hermione went with him. She analysed their exchange to death once they were outside her greenhouse and matching strides as they ventured towards the forest. His choice, not hers. They were starting the walk when Malfoy's hands disappeared into the pockets of his trousers. His relaxed posture was the opposite of his stern expression. Hermione could almost feel his coiled tension. "I suppose to fulfil your requirement for an icebreaker, since we have but a few safe topics of discussion, we could continue the argument regarding your need to separate your pragmatism from your idealism. Or I could leave it on the calendar for Monday." "Better leave it there. After last night, I've done enough arguing to last me weeks," Hermione admitted with a blush. One blond brow rose, but Malfoy said nothing further. Honesty spilled from her unchecked. "My mother has ideas about how I should live my life. IÑapparently yours does, too." "Apparently so." Malfoy's gaze returned to the pasture. "But that's not a topic I'm willing to discuss." With you. "Same." There was a shift in the breeze and energy between and around them. Malfoy's attention went to the rustling trees. "Your wards are intriguing. Did you set them yourself?" "No, I had a specialist set them when I first moved in after the threats started. I've read enough to learn how to make improvements. I improved the security measures and the bit of warding magic that both allows and restricts access to my home." "How far do they extend?" "Everything that falls within my property, which extends into the forest." When she glanced over, it seemed as though he were making a mental note. Which made a small alarm go off. Leave it to Malfoy to change the rules. "These don't sound like icebreaker questions." "They're not," he confessed. "Potter is curious how Mathers got past your diversion wards, as am I. He makes your wards sound almost infallible, but I know that nothing is perfect." "I'm curious as well, but I haven't had time to investigate. As far as my warding, it's strong, but I never said they were perfect. With enough power and force, they'll fall too. As will the wards over your home." "And yet you remain confident, despite the obvious threat against our lives? One that quite literally showed up at your home." "As opposed to what? Living in fear?" Hermione turned to look back towards her home. "I refuse to do that. I'll check the diversion wards to see what happened." She looked back at Malfoy just in time to catch the breeze ruffling his hair, causing some of it to part from the rest. He didn't notice or she was sure he would have rushed to fix it, but the imperfection made him look slightly less severe. More natural. Approachable. Handsome, a traitorous voice whispered. "How is Mathers?" Hermione asked. "Stable but sedated. Responding to the antidote well. Davies said that his mindÉ" Malfoy shook his head. The fact that Roger was on his case meant that he'd dropped everything to do so, which wasn't a good sign. "His memories are too fractured to extract. Even if he does recover, he'll be a shell of himself. They're just trying to make him comfortable at this point before reviving him." Which was tragic news. He looked so young. But then Hermione remembered something. "The letter? What did it say?" "Standard threats they've been making for months: releasing the poison into the air." Malfoy made his entire statement seem like old news, but it was brand new to her. The poison was deadly by touch alone. Once it made it into the bloodstream, it was hard to come back from. Seeping into someone's pores would make that happen quicker. The wider implications of such an attack would be astronomical. They wouldn't have enough antidotes to treat everyone. Choices would have to be made. ItÑ She would need to talk to someone about mass-producing the antidote instead of leaving it in the hands of the few staff members who knew how to make it. It would take months, but it could save so many lives. "It also said something odd at the bottom. Don't hide." An icy chill shot up her spine and buried itself there for a few agonising moments before fading away. Gone but certainly not forgotten. She knew that message was personal and directed at her. "OhÉ" It was the only thing Hermione could muster. Her attempt at subtlety must not have worked because Malfoy was now scrutinising her. Al's marker was getting closer. She felt his eyes on her long after she looked away, but that didn't stop it from rattling her nerves as they approached a topic that returned to her focus each full moon. One that was a little too personal to discuss with the sun in the sky. "Was Mathers bitten?" "Not during a full moon," Malfoy replied. "Potter said he would continue investigating the note. Independently." Whether or not Malfoy knew it, his last word meant that very soon, Harry Potter would be around to discuss security options that she didn't want or need. There would be meaningful looks and Ginny as backup. But Hermione would be ready with the threat of a long talk about keeping secrets in the form of biological warfare threats. To her surprise, Malfoy said nothing else on the topic. When they passed Al's marker, Hermione ran her hand on the top of the flag. "Has Harry talked to you about setting up a playdate between your sons?" There was a small hesitation in his step. "Is that what he was trying to discuss with me yesterday?" His voice was dry, but there was a hint of amusement. "How interesting." "Would you consider it?" "I doubt my mother would have any opinion one way or another. She would encourage a friendship between the two. For strategic reasons, of course." Narcissa was always planning for the future. Albus was a Potter. There was value in a name. Or so a woman like Narcissa Malfoy would think. A friendship between the pairÑsomething Malfoy had failed atÑwould be a good look for the Malfoy family. It would afford Scorpius a certain protection he'd likely need in the event of trouble when he went to Hogwarts. Smart of her to allow an alliance, but Hermione found herself willing to look past all the machinations to what was truly important. Two lonely children in desperate need of a friend. "Would you encourage it, Malfoy? ScorpiusÑ" "Has never been around other children. Just us and the staff." Hermione's heart hurt once again, the pain ragged and dull. "Why not?" The question went unanswered, but she had an inkling that it had to do with security and threats and the reason behind the familiar scars on the back of Sachs' hand. Hermione understood but also didn't, not that she had the chance to utter anything before Malfoy cleared his throat. "Did heÑ" A quick pause was taken to push past the reluctance that was displayed so openly on his face. Malfoy exhaled and tried again. "Did Scorpius ever come down yesterday?" Hermione wondered how long that question had been on his mind. "He watched you leave." Malfoy looked away. There was a weariness to him, one that was both foreign and familiar. It echoed in the open space around them, hinting at more than exhaustion. A pain that was bone-deep and visceral. Hermione was rendered speechless, but the need to fix everything overrode her good sense. "You should try again. Maybe heÑ" "Don't meddle, Granger," Malfoy snapped with no heat, just a firm resolve, a resigned severity from someone so far outside their comfort zone that they were beginning to disengage. Slow down. Give up. And while it wasn't her place, Hermione had been on both sides of their missed connection. The link between father and son. She had a grip on one end and found herself trying to grab the other, but Malfoy was too stubborn and trapped by his own self-reliance to grab hold. It might have been a fruitless effort, but Hermione couldn't watch a man drown without offering some aid. "Don't give up on him." A swell of emotions caught her off guard. "You're all he has left." Malfoy remained in what appeared to be thoughtful silence for the rest of the walk. But when they returned to her home, a tiny bloom of hope sprouted where none had existed before. "When would thisÉ playdate take place?" The ice wasn't completely broken, but they got to work anyway. Malfoy put on his glasses, picked up the parchment with her questions, and scanned it more than once. Over the rim, he gave her a long stare, followed by a quick quirk of his brow that seemed unapologetically smug. If the sequence briefly lit up the small portion of her awareness that registered attraction, HermioneÑwell, it didn't matter. She killed the power to the entire section for the second time that day without a second's hesitation. Because no. "Where would you like to start?" Malfoy asked. Hermione touched the side of her warm neck and glanced across the table where he was flipping through the pages as if checking to be sure he'd brought them all. No matter how many times she'd seen him in glasses, it still momentarily tripped her upÑespecially when he was right there. "Wherever you'd like." Distractedly, Hermione picked up her recorder. "Do you mind if I tape this?" "I don't mind." Malfoy didn't look up, not even when she started the recorder and sat it on the table between them. "Your questions aren't in order, so I took the time to organise them chronologically." Hermione's hand stalled mid-reach for her pen. "You did? That means youÑ" "Looked at your questions? Obviously. You aren't the only person capable of higher thought, Granger." "Of course not." She rolled her eyes. "I'll be honest. I was expecting more attitude and less cooperation, as you've made it pretty explicit that you're not interested in being involved." In an instant, his expression hardened. "I don't like owing anyone anything." Well that settled that. Hermione reminded herself about picking battles for the second time. "What number did you rearrange to be first?" "Nineteen, coincidentally. Any known similar illnesses in her family history? The answer is complicated, and likely why she didn't answer it." Malfoy folded his hands together on the table in a move that drew her attention first to his long, lean fingers, then to his left wristÉ There wasn't even a hint of the tattoo she knew was there from what she'd seen in Harry's office. She frowned in confusion. "Obviously my auntÉ" Malfoy trailed off with a distasteful frown. If he stared any harder at the parchment, it would likely catch fire. Hermione wanted to tell him that she'd moved on; had to because she wanted to live her life not haunted by the past and all the nightmares. Instead, she gestured for him to continue. "I haven't found any other incidents of my mother's form of dementia on either side of her family." He'd looked? "Nothing similar?" "Outside of outright insanity born from nature, nurture, or Azkaban? No. That question leads into the second. Number thirty-four, which further questions her family tree, as it pertains to intermarriages." Hermione found the question after a brief scan. "I only asked due to a lot of pureblood tendencies towards inbreeding to remain unsullied. It's well-documented that the act can and will affect future generations due to the lack of genetic variety, making them more susceptible to insanity and rare diseasesÑeven those not commonly found in wizards, like your mother's." "Ah. I'd deny it, but the House of Black's motto is Toujours Pur, so take that as you will." Malfoy tilted his head, glancing at her before shrugging almost casually. "In the past, it wasn't uncommon, but some families took it to extremes, like the Gaunts. As far as the Blacks, I believe there are a few instances of second cousins marrying and having children, but nothing closer than that." Hermione was surprised. Not by his words, but how candidly he spoke them. He was still a little detached, but she could acknowledge that they were beyond throwing accusations about the other's character. It wasÉ progress. Maybe her expression was a little too astonished for Malfoy because from one breath to the next, his tone changed from his version of normal to incredibly curt. "You asked for answers to fill in the gaps my mother wouldn't. I'm giving them. No need to look so shocked." "Excuse me for being sceptical. You've refused to so much as discuss her condition with her, yet now you're helping me freely with information it appears you've done research on. Favour or not, it makes no sense." Thus far, getting any sort of information out of Malfoy had been like cleaning layers of paint off of an old table: she scraped tirelessly, but it would only come off in little chips and flecks. Today, she'd gotten more out of him than she had in all of their morning conversations combined. "I don't do anything in halves, Granger. Either I'm assisting as requested or I'm not." Apathy flowed off him in waves. "It's your choice." "SoÉ" Hermione made her decision. "No creatures in the bloodline?" Malfoy scoffed an attitude that cut through his normal stoic nature. "Just because I'm pale and have white-blond hair doesn't mean I have Veela blood. The same goes for my mother." "She's the only blond of the Black sisters." Hermione shrugged. "The question is valid." "True, but still utterly ludicrous." Hermione would have laughed had he not looked so heated. "So, no Veela blood or instances of intermarriage. GeneticallyÑ" "All pureblood families are related in some capacity. Potter and I are cousins, in a way. Same goes for him and his wife, however distant. No one bats an eye beyond third cousins." "That's still disgusting." "There weren't a lot of options, but that's the pureblood way, at least, it used to be. It's a culture with traditions that are dying slowly as well, or so I think." There was something cold in his tone that, despite the warmth of the room, made her inwardly shudder. "My mother has a different opinion, as you likely know." Hermione did, in fact, know. "It's impossible that every person in every pureblood family is actually a true pureblood. The signs of inbreeding would become obvious throughout the generations, whether through various deformities, infertility, or madness." "I know of other well respected families that aren't fanatical and have members that they acknowledge aren't completely pure in blood. I believe this is how things will become in the future. Distinguishing by name instead of blood purity." "And you're okay with that?" Hermione only asked because of how he had been raised. But it was the wrong question. Malfoy looked at her once before lowering his eyes, voice low. "I'm not that boy anymore." He sounded so honest that it made for mutual discomfort, but for two entirely different reasons: Malfoy seemed unsettled by his own honesty, Hermione was unsettled by him as a whole. Everything from his quiet confession to him drinking light tea that he didn't likeÑaccording to two people who knew him far better than she did. From the way he didn't argue about her bringing food into his home to the way he silently familiarised himself with her world. Admired itÉ however subtly. Hermione was so baffled she felt like she had to answer the questions about Malfoy that had been flying around in her brain. He wasn't reading, only staring as he seemed to reset. Lower his iron gates. Raise his drawbridge. However, before Malfoy could completely isolate himself in his fortress, Hermione asked him a question that had been burning inside of her for weeks now. "Who are you?" "I'mÉ" He shut down and sealed himself offÑtight. "I am not your patient." But it was natural for Hermione to push. Call her thirst for knowledge a character flaw. It had gotten her into some sticky situations in the past, but that was who she was. Not thinking at all about the person she was trying to delve into, she pushed. She wouldn't go too far. Just a peek. A handful of dirt might have the answers she sought. "I'm aware, but you pointed out who you weren't. I asked who you were." "Tell me, GrangerÉ" Malfoy folded his hands, eyes narrowing as he leaned forward enough to make Hermione consider purchasing a larger table. "Who do you think I am?" He was challenging her. "You'reÉ" She trailed off when he sat up straighter in his chair. Waiting. Watching. He was gearing up for a clash of words, a war he wanted to wage for whatever reason. Defensiveness? Maybe she had hit too closeÉ but to what target? There were so many subjects they'd spoken about. And while she didn't mind arguing with him on some things, this wasn't one of them. So, she took the high road. Honesty. But she left him with something Kingsley once told her. "You're human, Malfoy, so only you get to decide who you are. Not me. Not anyone." Several emotions flashed across his face like bolts of lightning cutting through a stormy sky. They were gone before Hermione could fully decipher them or even determine if his reaction had been positive, negative, or something in between. The line of his jaw tightened as he stared at her with such severe examination that Hermione felt her skin prickle under his attention. But she didn't look away. Wouldn't. Couldn't. Malfoy turned to her plants by the window, mouth pursing. "It's warm in here." True. Judging from the bits of colour on his face and neck that she hadn't noticed before, he wasn't lying about the heat. Hermione preferred not to regulate the temperature in the conservatory with magic; it wasn't good for some of the plants. Heat was always trapped inside during the sunnier days like today, as few and far between as there were. "Would you like something to drink?" Hermione didn't wait for his answer before leaving. She needed the space. Before fixing water, Hermione walked around her island three times to expend the restless energy that had settled into her bones. Probably from working on a weekend. That was it. That was all it could be. When she returned holding two glasses, Malfoy had already rolled up one sleeve and was working on the other, which should have provided a visual of the tattoo that wasn't proper for him to even have. But the canvas was blank. Glamoured. Hermione placed the glass in front of him and returned to her own chair. Malfoy thanked her the same way he did every morning when she placed a cup of tea in front of him. Composed, if a bit subdued. They drank in silence, but she noted the way he didn't drink his water until after she took a few sips of her own. Malfoy adjusted his glasses and rested his joined hands on top of the parchment once more. "Are you ready to continue? We have several questions left." "Yes." Hermione learned more about Narcissa, namely through incidents. The first time Malfoy recalled his mother forgettingÑ months before leaving Scorpius in the dress robes shop. She'd called him Lucius several times before realising her mistake. That had been nearly two years before when they were still in France. The timeline was worrisome. It made her wonder how advanced the illness actually was. It would require more testingÉ and possibly a favour from Roger. He owed her. "No other incidents followed that for a year until she berated one of Astoria's Healers, accusing her of breaking into the house. That's when I knew there was something wrong, but she continued to ignore the issue." "Is that when she went to see the first Healer?" "Yes. By force." Malfoy made short work of her list, noting the questions that overlapped and were repetitive, much to her annoyance. At least until Hermione realised that he had a point. Not that she would ever admit it aloud. But it was forgivable because his responses had such detail in them that soon the focus of the interview shifted from the strict format of her forty-six questions to them just talking. Malfoy's deep voice had a certainÉ cadence to it. Still a bit posh and proper, it had an edge that was all his own. But the rhythm was steady. Pleasant. It wasn't horrible to listen to him. Unconsciously, Hermione found herself writing less, then she gave up altogether and laid her pen down to listen. It was fine, her recorder would pick up anything she missed while she watched him. With his black attire and temperament that slid up and down an invisible scale Hermione couldn't read, Draco Malfoy was such an interesting contrast in her well-lit and colourful room. Visually, he had a backdrop of light from a sun that was in the perfect position to cast a warm glow over him, making him look like darkness bathing in light. It was difficult not to stare. Impossible not to notice. During Hogwarts, Malfoy used to speak with bold and aggressive gestures. But timeÑand perhaps life and his motherÑhad curtailed the habitÑmostly. Every now and then he would use his hands to emphasise his words, but not often. "My mother likes to be in control of every aspect of her life, which stems from a period of time when she wasn't. She struggles with transitions." A family trait, but Hermione kept those words to herself, only nodding. "I've noticed, but I haven't sorted out how to make her understand that she needs to scale back." He briefly glanced over his shoulder, scanning the room he seemed periodically bemused with. "Society occupies her mind. It gives her purpose. She was active when we lived in France. As a warning, due to the change in season, I doubt you'll get much cooperation from her until her event." That was interesting. Not the last bit about her cooperation, but the former. "I was under the impression that her motivation to participate in society had less to do with entertaining herself and more to do with maintaining your family's name in important social circles and networking to find you a new wife." Malfoy gave her a dark look. "It was." A twinge settled in her chest. She took a sip of water. The topic was too raw and the reality of the situation too harsh. "I've only observed her at one event. Has she had any incidents of forgetfulness that you've noticed when she's extremely busy or stressed?" "A few." "Could you recount those incidents for me with as much detail as you remember?" As it turned out, he could. It wasn't only that Malfoy was observant and analytical, it was the way in which he picked things apart from the smallest detailÑwell, that was no surprise. She'd already seen him in action and experienced it for herself. He was competent and it was a trait she could appreciate. Strained relationship notwithstanding, Malfoy knew too much not to care. He'd been watching for too long to be a casual, uninterested observer. She'd seen the way he looked when Narcissa had forgotten about the intruder, but whenever she so much as turned a soft eye towards the situation, he would lock himself inside his castle with such a severe expression that Hermione knew she had to go around because climbing those high walls wasn't a possibility. Not without experience or the proper tools. She had neither. "Were there any changes in her incidents after moving back to London?" "Yes, but there were several factors that could have played a roleÉ" As she listened to his hypotheses, Hermione liked that Malfoy didn't speak in monosyllables Ñand hadn't in some time. It made her job infinitely easier and gave her a lot to think about. There were still things he hesitated on or got defensive about, still questions he answered with a certain level of reluctance. But he answered them nonetheless. They had two left when Hermione heard her phone ringing. Pushing away from the table, she excused herself with a polite grimace. "Sorry, it's probably my mother." Not that she was in the mood to talk to her after dinner last night, but in the spirit of being a good daughter, Hermione left Malfoy in the conservatory to answer the phone. As it turned out, it wasn't her mother, but her father. And he had taken on a new role in their odd family dynamic: mediator. The position was natural, given his nature, but not one he had to assume regularly as Hermione had done her very best to avoid arguments with her mother. "You should come over later for tea. Your mother will be out." It was a trap. Her dad wasn't a ritual tea drinker. "I'm meeting with a patient's son right now." "But it's Saturday. You never work on the weekendÉ" "Couldn't be helped." There was a pause. "Are you okay?" Because she knew what he was really asking, Hermione responded automatically. "I'm eating, drinking, and sleeping normally. Promise." "Okay then, butÑ" "I'll be busy later. Another time?" Her father exhaled, which meant only one thing: he was about to speak his mind as opposed to executing his fake tea idea. "Hermione, I don't always agree with her tactics, but your mother means well. She worries andÉ so do I." With a long sigh, Hermione rubbed her temple with her free hand, closing her eyes. It was probably the most she'd heard him say in one conversation in years. Progress, but only after conflict. "Ron isn't the answer to your worries," she said, trying not to sound as frustrated as she felt. "Never said he was." Hermione almost dropped the phone in shock. "What?" "Don't get me wrong, I like him. He's a good bloke, but it's clear he's not a fit. I try to stay out of it, as it's none of my business, but your mumÑ" "Has decided to make it hers." Hermione chuckled bitterly. "Right." "Your mother tends to blend ingredients without accounting for taste or consistencyÑ sometimes it works, but most of the time it doesn't. They say you have to try a new food ten times before your taste buds can decide whether they really like the food or not, but I say don't keep forcing yourself to eat something that you know isn't palatable because you might miss out on finding something that is." A single word slipped from her, one full of all the emotions she hoped she could convey through the phone. "DadÉ" And for the first time, he seemed to understand. He cleared his throat, but still sounded choked up. "You'll find something that works for you. I know you will." When she hung up, Hermione sat on the sofa for several minutes with her head in her hands, nearly forgetting about Malfoy in the conservatory. She concentrated on blinking back tears from the swell of emotions brought forth by her father's words. But then she stood and relished in the feeling, the connection, and continued on. The canyon between them didn't feel so wide or daunting. Hermione refocused as she opened the door to the conservatoryÑonly to find a briefcase in the chair where Malfoy had once been. The man himself was standing in front of her indoor potted garden. His back was facing her but his hands were behind him, as they had been when he'd explored her brewing room. What was he looking at? Her feet moved accordingly, carrying her to the spot next to him, footsteps loud enough to alert him to her presence but quiet enough not to disturb whatever he was doing. She was a little too close, but it was too late. Malfoy wasÉ looking. Not touching. Careful with his appraisal of her plants, just as he had been with everything else in her home. Interest had finally got the better of him. She knew the feeling. "How does a gardener have a dying cactus?" He cut his eyes to the prickly little thing still on the table next to her ottoman. "Because it's not dead," Hermione told him firmly. "It needs care." "Ah, a project." His drawl was so deep it sounded like it came up from the earth itself. "You still have those. Still a champion for the defenceless and lost causes." "There's no such thing as a lost cause. If you care enough to try, anything is possible. Little things like time, patience, and attention can make a big impact." Malfoy examined her as if he were trying to figure something out. A riddle. A question. It was a look she had seen before. He seemed to want in her head without Legilimency. Unsettling as it was, Hermione held his gaze, eyes narrowed with resolve, until he turned away. Moved to the next plant. Changed the subject. "You might as well take a butcher knife to your plants with how you prune." Hermione smiled at his snippy comment. It eased the tension she hadn't realised she'd been holding in her neck and shoulders until it was gone. First Narcissa, now Malfoy. "You're an expert then?" She rolled her eyes. "Is that a Malfoy family trait?" There wasn't derision in his glare. Just weight. "My mother showed me how as a child in the Manor's garden. We still have a greenhouse with extinct plants and rarities hidden under blood wards." Fascinating. Malfoy reached out to touch the branch of her umbrella tree that nearly hung in his face. His thumb scraped the rough edges where she'd pruned only last week. "You could use a softer touchÉ" "Is that so?" He let go of the branch, moving on to a different pot she'd placed directly in front of the window. Hermione went with him, not wanting him in contact with anything he had no business touching. Judging from the questioning tilt of his head, it was a plant he hadn't seen before in a pot nearly the circumference of the table. The leaves were thick, healthy, and a vibrant green. Open. "Mimosa Pudica, commonly known as Touch Me Not. I use it in a balm for Luna whenever she's travelling. She tends to end up in poison oak or ivy." Hermione fondly shook her head. "Though, the name implies otherwise, you can touch it, if you'd like." Malfoy didn't move at first, but then his hand came from behind him, one finger tentatively leading the way to the plant. He was hesitant and careful, but he wasn't doing it right. Without thinking, Hermione stopped him by resting her hand on top of his. Malfoy tensed. She ignored his reaction and continued on, shifting her stance and guiding him. Her free hand rested lightly on his back as she urged him forward. His skin was warm, maybe from the room. She was surprised to find that his hand felt rougher than it looked, fingers curiously scarred on the tips with light marks that were ready to fade away. "It's sensitive," she said as she guided his finger up the spine of the plant. They both watched leaves fold together. "If you touch it wrong, they'll close up too early. Ruins the effect." The small hairs on the back of Hermione's hand and arm stood on end when she peered up at him. Malfoy wasn't watching the demonstration. He was watching her with another one of his unreadable expressions. It made her feel as if he were trying to peer into the very core of her being. It all came together slowly but in a rush that was as contradictory as the man beside her. Their position. Her hand covering his. The other on his back. The way he'd tensed. Hermione all but threw his hand back at him, stepping away. Her cheeks were warm with embarrassment. "Um." She ran a flustered hand over her hair as she turned, heading towards the table. "We have a few questions left. If you're ready." Malfoy said nothing for a long moment. "I'm ready when you are, Granger." When she glanced over her shoulder, Hermione expected to see derision, but she caught sight of something that should have been private. Malfoy glanced at the hand she'd touched, then he flexed it before making a tight fist. The muscles in his forearm bulged and rippled, shaking under some strain. Then he looked away, staring out the window for a few moments before returning to the table. By the time he sat down, Malfoy had returned to his default neutral state. She knew he was inside his fortress, its walls high and strong. Except for the smallest crack. There is a crack in everything. That's how the light gets in. Leonard Cohen Chapter End Notes A/N: Yes, yes, the Pride and Prejudice hand flex. I meant that. I wanted to show their shifting dynamic, that she's wearing him down bit by bit but this chapter is a nice step forward. I wanted to display how sometimes she's right and sometimes he is, also more of that delicious tension and building of attraction (already there but growing). Change and growth take time and it's been like a month and a half of limited interactions Art from this chapter: Hermione and Draco in the greenhouse by meriyart& D&H Walking in the Garden by meriyart & Glasses Draco Portrait by zzzzita Embedded art by Jaxx-in-a-box [ Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Chapter 13: Shape of Your Heart Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Thirteen Shape of Your Heart June 1, 2011 On the scale between chaos and cleanliness, Hermione hovered somewhere in the middle. Chaos looked like Harry's office while Andromeda's house was cleanliness personified. Disturbingly so. Hermione didn't trust anything too cleanÉ except Andromeda. The irony wasn't lost on her, just ignored. She tried to avoid Andromeda's home as much as possible. It wasn't an easy task. Andromeda picked the most inopportune times to request Hermione's presence. Although they were already close because of Teddy and Harry, her seizure had shifted their relationship. They met after bad therapy sessions to wait out their dark moods together. Andromeda remained a constant presence in Hermione's life even after things improved, but if Hermione went too long without visiting, Andromeda would turn up at any given time. Hermione hated surprises and had a system to avoid them with Andromeda by visiting every twelve or so weeks. Too busy to notice the lapse in time, when Andromeda's name appeared on her scheduler after another unproductive day with a distracted Narcissa, Hermione was flummoxed. Certainly it wasn't time. Well, she hadn't seen Andromeda since Easter. That meant it was past time. When Hermione tried to strategically move the meeting to reschedule it at a different location, the event wouldn't move or vanish. The pesky note was as stubborn as Andromeda. That was how Hermione found herself sitting at the table watching Andromeda make tea in a kitchen so clean it sparkled. She would have offered to help, but they'd had enough arguments for Hermione to know her role as a guest. Which meant she was to sit still and do nothing. Andromeda placed a steaming teacup in front of Hermione before joining her with her own. The tea was fruity, sweet, and lightÑshe never let it steep for too long. A bit bland for Hermione, but exactly how Andromeda preferred hers. "Are you staying for dinner? I can make Aubergine Parmigiana with everything you brought over from your greenhouse." Despite her internal cringe at simply existing amongst this level of cleanliness, the prospect of dinner piqued her interest. Andromeda was a far better cook than she was. "I can be coaxed into staying." Andromeda's smile was only a quick flash, but genuine nonetheless. Hermione saw it all the same and wondered if her summoning wasn't just for a check-in. The house remained clean without Teddy's chaos, but it was also quiet, which didn't always equal peace. "I'll get started on that after we finish tea. How are you?" "A bit tired, actually," Hermione confessed. "You?" The comparison to her sister was not missed. Despite Andromeda's features being similar to Bellatrix's, minus the colour of her hair, she could pick out her similarities to Narcissa. Nothing overt, just subtle expressions she recognised from NarcissaÑguarded but openly aware of it. "I have my days. I'm glad for the company." Andromeda sipped her tea with the elegance and equanimity borne from breeding. "Are you sleeping and eating like you should?" WellÉ that was a difficult question to answer. Hermione's eating schedule was normal, thanks to meal preparations for Narcissa, but her sleep schedule had yet to recover from weeks of early morning incidents. Even on the weekends, she would find herself awake before dawn and asleep after midnight, tossing and turning most of the night. She hadn't slipped back into insomnia, but the signs were there. "Mostly." Andromeda squinted. She should have known honesty was always her best bet. "I'm eating just fine, but sleepingÉ" "That isn't good, Hermione." Andromeda patiently locked her hands on the table. "I know. I've just been incredibly busy." "Don't lose sight of your progress." "I won't." Silence fell between them. "Is it work keeping you busy or are you seeing someone?" There was a twinkle of hope in Andromeda's eyes. Hermione pulled a face, which earned her an unimpressed squint. "Do try not to look so offended at the idea." "I'm not." She took a sip and replaced her teacup. "But I recently had back-to-back arguments with my mother and Ron about our relationship revival and I'm pretty exhausted by the topic." "Ah." Andromeda's cringe was delicate. "I imagine that wentÉ well." "Splendid." Hermione rolled her eyes. "Neither one is talking to me, but I won't apologise for standing up for myself. They'll have to get over it. Ron will, I think. My motherÉ" That was a different matter, and she found herself up during the night scrubbing her mind of any lingering guilt. "Your mother will either realise that you know what's best for yourself and come around or she won't." Andromeda sat back. "I know you want to repair your relationship with your parents, but you've hyper-fixated on the wound for years and kept it bandaged for so long that it's slowed the healing process. If you keep picking at it, if you keep protecting it, it will never heal. Let it breathe." But what if it didn't heal? What then? That small fear pushed its way to the front of her thoughts. Hermione had more than enough wounds. They were all stitched up to the point where it was hard to remember that they hadn't always been there. So, what was one more? She could take the pain. It would hurt until she could no longer feel it. And thenÉ "Hermione. You worry too much about things you can't control, while simultaneously knowing that you have no control," Andromeda said gently. "It's an endless circle that feeds on itself. Like a snake eating its own tail." "People say that the ouroboros is a symbol of the cyclical nature of the universe: creation from destruction, life out of death. A metaphor for a person's ongoing struggle within themselves, their weaknesses and vices." "All I see is a snake that will suffocate if it doesn't stop." Andromeda shrugged. Hermione looked down at her tea. "I haven't figured out how to let go." "Let someone help. You're very good at giving, not so much at taking." And that wasn't the first time those words had been spoken to her, but Andromeda remained as she always was: patient and watchful. "It's not a lesson you can learn with words, only the experience of being forced to let go." Andromeda took a sip, a look of open approval on her face. "What is this blend? I quite like it." Only then did Hermione realise she'd brought the blend made specifically for Narcissa. She almost changed the subjectÑAndromeda always knew when she was being lied toÑbut there was a small jolt when she thought back to that morning in the garden, back to each moment Narcissa accidentally called her or Sachs by her sister's name. "It's a blend I made for my patient." Tension pulsed from Andromeda like sound waves from a tuning fork. It was all Hermione needed to shake off all thoughts of her mother and shift her focus to a tiny nugget of realisation. Harry had been talking to her. Not much, knowing Harry. He wasn't bound by a contract but had enough good sense to keep himself out of business that wasn't his. Like Narcissa's illness. It wasn't something Hermione had even considered discussing with Andromeda; she'd mentally deemed it a topic to avoid. But now that she had unwittingly walked into it, she had to be incredibly careful. There were so many factors, and navigating each was like walking a tightrope without training, a safety net, or a pole to help her balance. She stepped out on pure instinct, hoping to ease her way into the discussion, but Andromeda was as direct as the nephew she'd never met. "I know my sister is your patient. I've known for a few weeks now." "I wasn't hiding it." Hermione tapped her fingernail on the wood. "What did Harry tell you?" "What makes you assume it was Harry? It could have been Theo." Hermione gave her an expression that perfectly communicated just how little sense her statement made. Andromeda had met Theo exactly once, early in the days of Hermione's unrequited crush. She'd invited him to Teddy's tenth birthday party and was shocked when he'd turned up beside her with a gift in hand. Andromeda had taken one look at Theo, who was regarding her with a curious tilt of his head, and uttered one word that summed up her opinion of him as a romantic prospect: No. Andromeda examined her nails nonchalantly like her mistake hadn't mattered. "Or Daphne." The two were friends, bound by a life choice that cut them off from their families, but Hermione knew Daphne. She would never divulge anything without careful consideration and consulting Hermione over pie. "So, when did Harry tell you?" Andromeda relented with a sigh. "When you took her on as a patient. He didn't tell me much else, even though I know he knows more." "There's not much I can say due to the confidentiality agreement." "Interesting." Her eyes narrowed slightly before she exhaled a puff of air, seemingly bemused by the extra steps her sister had taken to protect her privacy. "Would you ask if I could speak on why she's my patient?" Hermione asked cautiously. "I already asked Harry, but his response made it clear he didn't want to say the wrong thing." "Oh? What did he say?" "I don't want to say the wrong thing." They both laughed. That was typical of Harry. "From what I understand you're estranged." Hermione pushed a little more. "We are, but the word doesn't encompass the enormity of being burned off my family tapestry. It's like I don't exist, like she doesn't have a sister. Like I'm nothing to her. All because I dared to be different while she wanted to be the same." Andromeda tucked a stray hair behind her ear. "And yetÉ" She appeared to descend into her own thoughts as she finished her tea. "And yetÉ" "It's complicated." Family always was. "She might hate me, but I don't wish her ill. I don't know why she's your patient, but I hope it's not serious." Hermione did everything to smother her initial reaction. "Why would she hate you? Last I recall, she invited you to tea at Grimmauld Place. You didn't turn up." "I got dressed to go." Andromeda looked away. "Went to the Floo and even picked up the powder, but I just couldn't say the words to leave. I kept thinking about our last argument and I justÉ" Couldn't. Hermione could relate. After her release from St Mungo's, that was how her first attempts at meeting her parents had gone. Overthinking had been the result of leaving pieces of her past broken and uncorrected, like a sea of hesitation she kept drowning in, and was still drowning inÑeven now. Andromeda was no different. "What was it about? If you don't mind askingÉ" "She begged me not to go. Begged me to stay and marry my intended." "Who was it?" "Lucius." Hermione froze. "Oh." In an uncharacteristic move, raw emotion strained Andromeda's features as she repeatedly ran her hands through her hair. She looked at the kitchen as if searching for something to clean to keep herself occupied. But there was nothing. That did not stop her from leaving the table to examine the clean room. "I was in love with Ted andÉ" Andromeda trailed off. Hermione watched her with unchecked curiosity. "Bella was already married, so Narcissa had to take my place to avoid public shame and the heavy monetary and magical penalties that would have resulted from a broken Malfoy marriage contract. My family was rich, but the Malfoys were richer and more ruthless. I knew what I was doing to them all when I left, butÉ" The look on her face told Hermione that despite the pain of losing her entire familyÑnot once, but twiceÑshe would do it all over again. "I don't know who Narcissa is now, but when we were young, she was the opposite of Bella. As golden as her hair, she was beautiful, untouchable, but not weak or docile. She was never one to forgive easily." Andromeda wrapped her arms across her middle, glancing over her shoulder at Hermione. "Her invitation for tea felt like a trap." "Why would it be?" "The war had been over for over a decade and not once had she bothered to reach out before." "Have you reached out?" Communication was a two-way street. "I saw her once." Andromeda struggled with her words. "She was coming out of a tailor shop last November, right around the time Astoria died. But when I called her name, she looked as if she had no idea who I was." The pain in her voice was unmistakable. "I think I knew right then that Narcissa was gone for goodÉ" Hermione remembered Pansy's story about Narcissa leaving Scorpius alone, and wished she'd never asked. Knowledge bore fruit and sometimes that fruit was pain. June 3, 2011 The atmosphere in the office was tense, but not hostile. Harry and Malfoy weren't in that historical loop that kept creating intense animosity between them, but they were by no means friendly. Their exchanges were snippy at best and terse at worst, but they weren't fighting. She figured it was their way to maintain the status quo while actively ignoring their attitudes towards each other. They'd evolved. Grown. It was both pleasing and odd to witness them in action, working together despite the fact that they both were on edge and fractious. There were more pressing matters at hand. It was nice that they both finally recognised that. At the head of the table, Hermione's attentive eyes swept between the two men, steady as a tuning beacon. She observed, waited, but not once did she speak. She was there to play mediator, but it was clear that her words weren't necessary. Malfoy fiddled with his signet ring before cutting Harry's speech off. "This isn't going to work." Harry crossed his arms. "Only because you don't want it to." "No, it simply won't work." "What do you suggest then, Malfoy?" His tone wasn't rude, just matter-of-fact. Tired. They both were, though Harry displayed his, as he did with most of his emotions. It could easily have been interpreted as frustration, and likely had been by Malfoy, but Hermione knew her best friend better. As for Malfoy, his signs were more subtle: a slight grimace and fidgeting. "Cancel the raid, but leave the mole in to scout for a second opportunity." Play it safe. It wasn't something either wanted. They had come too far and trained too hard to cancel their one shot. Harry scrubbed his face. "We won't get a chance like this again." "Perhaps not, but strategy won't do us any good if there are more Death Eaters in attendance than anticipated. Instead of two to one odds, we'll be fighting five to one." Something he clearly was not keen on. "We could always fight with them. Add to our numbers." "That would be a strategic nightmare," Hermione intervened. "You're both recognisable and therefore a distractionÑnot the good kind. Besides, should anything go wrong, they'll retaliate against you both directly because they know how to target you." Their families. Malfoy looked grim, Harry cringed, but neither argued. "I don't like sitting on the side," Harry confessed. "Always the hero." Malfoy rolled his eyes, absently adjusting the cuff on his right hand. "P Ñ" "This plan," Hermione cut him off, which earned her a scowl. She almost flashed a humourless grin in return. The one with too many teeth that scared Harry. However, restraint was employed to save time. "It calls for a direct attack. With the secret passage confirmed and the Ward Specialist to take down the blood wards, you'll have the element of surprise to make up for your lack of numbers. The plan never called for you both to fight. In fact, it's not wise for either of you to be seen at all." Malfoy especially. "You've been training the Aurors and Task Force team for weeks. Let them complete the mission. Let them end this. Keep it clean. No added variables." Harry didn't look happy about it, but sighed because he knew she was right. Malfoy, on the other hand, seemed smug. "Any comments, Malfoy?" Grey eyes shifted to hers, his expression levelling out. "Not at the present moment." With a glance at her watch, Hermione backed away from the table, summoning her beaded bag from the chair with an outstretched hand. "Very well then. I have to go prepare lunch." Speaking of lunch, she reached into her bottomless bag and pulled out Harry's, handing it to him. "Roast beef sandwich, crisps, and fruit." Then she approached Malfoy and held out an identical bag that he accepted with a curious expression. Harry tilted his head like a confused puppy while Malfoy stared at the package in his hand. "It's lunch." "I gathered," Malfoy said. "I figured since I brought Harry lunch, thenÑ" "It's not necessary." He glanced over her head, frowning at the last person in the room before returning his gaze to her and lowering his voice so their audience couldn't hear. "I had breakfast." That she knew. She'd made it for him, as she had been for the last week or so, not that he'd accepted the containers. This morning marked only the second one Malfoy had taken with him. Getting him to accept anything required more effort than making the meal itself. Hermione lowered her voice, too. "Have you eaten since?" "No." "Then keep it. I had extra." She excused herself, pointedly ignoring the pair of green eyes that followed her out. For Hermione, punctuality was as important as preparedness and hard work. Tardiness showed a lack of consideration and respect for someone's time, and she wasn't one to tolerate it. Not from anyone. Narcissa was late for lunch. Her presence had been subpar at best since the invasion of her planning team for the season-ending soirŽe she was hosting. The event was next weekend, but the Monday after their first gardening session had marked the escalation of planning commitments. Narcissa had little time for anything including morning gardening, reviewing Scorpius' lessons, and Hermione's daily check-ups. Not everyone was as upset about Narcissa's absence. Malfoy didn't appear to care, given the way he pointedly rolled his eyes whenever Hermione mentioned his mother by name during their morning conversations. Evidently, this behaviour was normal whenever Narcissa was in planning mode. As long as his mother stopped pestering him about bringing a date, Malfoy didn't care where she went. Apparently, Catherine shared his sentiment, though she never expressed it directly. At least not to Hermione. Hermione had only just noticed that she didn't seem as frazzled. And how did she know? Because CatherineÑand by extension, ScorpiusÑhad been joining her for lunch every day. It had started the Monday after Malfoy's visit when Narcissa stood her up. She had made lunch and it would have been a shame to waste it, so Hermione went to the library and extended the invitation. Mr Graves, the tutor, had declined, but Catherine had accepted after watching Scorpius perk up. The meal had been such an enjoyable affair that whenever Narcissa failed to attend lunch, they all ate together instead. As soon as she'd finished preparing the meal, precisely at quarter after one, Scorpius arrived. He was always first, likely because Mr Graves was typically tied up preparing for afternoon lessons while Catherine coordinated Scorpius' evening plans with Zippy. He entered the room properly, but Hermione could tell he was eager to claim his seat next to her before anyone else could. The same place he sat every day. Except one time Catherine had come to lunch first and taken his spot. How she had remained oblivious to the literal fire shooting from childish blue eyes, Hermione still had no idea. Scorpius hadn't been graced with the art of discretion. His silence made him harder to communicate with, but when he actually displayed his feelings, they were loud. It was hilarious. "Hi there." Scorpius waved and stood behind his chair, looking ever so serious until he peered over at her. Day by day, Hermione was learning the meaning behind each of his expressions. Not just the basic emotions he showed, those were easy enough to interpret, but the more difficult ones. Like pride and shame. There was a hint of the former etched in his features that made her smother a fond smile into her fist. He took off his blazer and hung it on the back of the chair. "Did you wash your hands?" Hermione asked. Scorpius nodded, patting his pockets. She knew exactly what he was checking for: the notes from his father. It wasn't her place to figure out how to bring them together, but she thought about it. Often. Each morning, no matter how long Malfoy lingered, Hermione would watch Scorpius peek around the corner to watch his father leave. He didn't engage, just waved to the empty space. And each day, she wanted to alert Malfoy to his presence, but there had to be a reason why he ducked back around the corner whenever he caught her looking. Ideas plagued her in the quiet moments while gardening or reading. Hermione didn't know what to make of it all. But the need to understand the reason for Scorpius' avoidance and Malfoy's distance hummed in her veins like adrenaline. The scraping of the chair distracted Hermione. Scorpius took the seat next to her, curiously looking at his food while waiting for his nanny to arrive so they could begin eating. Sitting with his back straight, there was an air about him that was too stoic for a child. Hermione knew what was next on his list. Soon, he would tuck his napkin in his collar to protect his shirt from stains and wait. But today was different. Today was the day Scorpius surprised her by deviating from his aforementioned routine. He extended the napkin out to her, eyes wide and hopeful. He didn't need her help, he just wanted it. Stunned speechless, Hermione took so long to respond that the light in his eyes dimmed, fading as disappointment began to take its place. "Here." She recovered with a soft shake of her head, opening her hand and accepting the napkin. Turning his chair towards her with a bit of wandless magic that clearly fascinated him, Hermione noted the adorable way his feet dangled. "You'll have to tilt your head up." Tentatively, Scorpius tried to do as instructed while watching her, but was unable to do both. In the end, he lifted his head. Trust was a word that passed through her mind as she made quick work of tucking the napkin into his collar and smoothing it over his shirt. "All done." Hermione turned his chair back to face the table, but his eyes remained on her. He blinked and set his little jaw. Had she missed something? Scorpius had a tendency to try and clue her in when she didn't have all the pieces of what he was trying to communicate by leaning just a fraction towards her, his eyes trying to prod her into understanding untilÉ ah, she got it. He was trying to thank her. "You're welcome," she told him. Then he deviated even further from his routine by smiling. It wasn't a smile like Al would give herÑwide, bright, and unrestrained, showing every one of his little teeth. No, Scorpius' was soft and subdued, but so earnest it warmed her heart. She was honoured to witness the moment, grateful he trusted her with his smile. And even stranger, Hermione had the overwhelming wish to see him smile again. More often. Every day, if possible. The cherry on the top was learning that Scorpius had the most adorable set of dimples. Hermione couldn't help but smile back, couldn't keep the endearment at bay, or the emotions from spilling out. How could she when that was the core of what she felt? When her heart was so unexpectedly full from just this? Scorpius reached for her napkin, handing it to her with an expectant look that she understood. Hermione tucked the napkin into her shirt. Now they matched. He was so pleased he actually grinned. Crooked and contagious and priceless. But then he covered it with his hands. "You don't have to hide how you feel." Hermione gently uncovered his smile, though it faded as he listened to her, growing more serious. "It's okay to smile if you're happy." Hers waned too when a small lump formed in her throat. She hadn't let his hands go, nor did she want to. Hermione did her best to swallow the swell of sentiment that had taken her by surpriseÉ And let go. They both heard Catherine's footsteps approaching. Whatever smile was left immediately died, and she quietly mourned its loss. By the time his nanny entered the kitchen with an aura of friendliness, Scorpius was back to his default: not smiling or frowning, just blank, composed. Which was fine. Now she knew the potential was there. "Sorry that took so long, Zippy is leaving for his next house and wanted me to make sure he did a good job with Narcissa's curtains." Catherine took the seat across from her charge. "Next time, I'll be sure not to leave him for too long." Scorpius awkwardly looked down. Hermione bristled at the comment. "He is excellent company." Blue eyes met hers slowly and the smile she offered was kind. She shifted her chair closer. Today's meal was chicken salad sandwiches for the adults and a cheese toastie cut into squares for Scorpius. She'd also made him a small fruit salad with a drizzle of honey on top. After placing today's herb on the table, she watched him examine it closely as he ate his fruit. "It's sage," Hermione said as he ran his finger over the leaf. "Feel nice?" Scorpius nodded then sniffed it, not minding the scent. "I use it to cook and in potions. Monday I'll show you what it looks like dried." His face lit up, which made Catherine chuckle. Honestly, Hermione had almost forgotten she was there. No matter. Scorpius looked rather pleased by the prospect and that was what mattered. The meal itself brought about a problem when Scorpius went to pick up his cheese toasties. "Mind your manners," Catherine hadn't even looked over at him. Scorpius froze, examining the cutlery and picking up a fork and dull knife. The sight was patently ridiculous to Hermione, who rested her hand on the back of his chair in an absent motion that drew Scorpius' attention. Blinking with wide-eyed, childlike innocence, Scorpius waited for instruction. It always struck her how obedient he was. Only five, yet it had already been ingrained in him to listen without questioning. It wasn't bad, never would she encourage anything that would put him in danger, but what about creativity? What about expression? What about the fact that he was a child? Those were important things. And because Scorpius didn't speak, every manner of expression was vital. Yet every adult in his life wanted to smother that out of himÑsave his father, whose only defence was that he was hardly around. If his absence was a benefit or a detriment, Hermione couldn't tell, but what did it matter? Rules and guidelines were going to turn Scorpius hard and brittle. And there were already signs of the shift, signs that the boy who had dimpled at her, held on to her cardigan almost every morning, and looked as interested in the plant of the day as he was in his father's letters, was already on his way down a path that would turn him cold. It was heart-breaking. It made her angry. Feeling herself get worked up in defence of Scorpius made Hermione take a few cleansing breaths. Not that it stopped her from speaking her mind, but it smoothed out her tone. How exactly was he supposed to eat an already cut cheese toastie if he wasn't allowed to pick it up with his hands? On second thought, she gestured to the sandwich in Catherine's hands. "Aren't you eating with your hands?" The nanny blushed. "I suppose I am." After a little reassurance and gentle prodding from Hermione, Scorpius put down his cutlery and picked up his toastie, awkwardly biting into it. Instantly, his eyes lit up from the taste of butter, toasted bread, and cheese. "Is it good?" He nodded enthusiastically, which made Catherine's eyes widen in surprise. The little boy must have felt her gaze because he immediately closed back up and continued eating. Hermione frowned. Scorpius stared at his nanny for a long time until she noticed. "It's in the door." Lowering his head in a bow, he eased out of the chair and walked towards the refrigerator. Hermione made a mental note that he must not like milk. "I never knew he was interested in plants. How did you figure that out?" Her instinctive answer was that she paid attention, but she figured her delivery might be too abrupt. "Lucky guess." "Maybe I can use that to keep him motivated during lessons." Before she could state her strong opinion on the matter, Scorpius returned and presented Hermione with a juice box. She grinned. "Thank you. Where's yours?" Which sent him back to the refrigerator. "He likes you," Catherine said fondly. "I've been working with him for the last six months and I've never seen him take to anyone so well orÉ at all. He's obedient, but rebellious in some ways. I usually have to coax him intoÉ Well, everything. Eventually, he'll do it, but there are a lot of long looks." "I'd probably rebel too if I were his age with that degree of structure in my life." "It's what his grandmother wants." Catherine's tone made it clear Hermione wasn't the only one who disagreed with Narcissa's rigidity. "His father has approached me once or twice about adding certain activities to his schedule, but Mrs Malfoy said that he's too young. I deferred to her. The Malfoys are traditional, and the matriarch tends to the children." She waited a respectable number of seconds before asking, "What did his father want to add?" "Quidditch." "Did he have an instructor in mind?" "No, but it was peculiarÉ" Catherine shook her head, humoured by the thought. "He said he would teach Scorpius himself." That wasn't strange. It was something a father should do. The rest of lunch passed quickly. Scorpius ate the centre of his cheese toasties, leaving the crust neatly on his plate. Catherine chattered the entire meal while Hermione went through the motions and asked just enough to keep her talkingÑnot interested but also not wanting to be impolite. She talked about her parents, who lived in Boston, her studies at Ilvermorny, and what brought her to England. "There aren't enough American wizarding families looking for tutoring nannies." She glanced at Scorpius, who had fished a letter from his father out of his pocket and was staring at it as if he were on the verge of a breakthrough. "Word got out that there was an opening. I had just moved to London and had no idea who they were, which I suspect is why I was hired." Hermione perked up in interest. "Who hired you?" "Mrs Malfoy, but she was reluctant, as she believes I'm not old enough to teach him proper customs, etiquette, and languagesÑdespite my experience." Catherine didn't look amused. "I speak four languages. I was at the top of my year. I know all about etiquette, European pureblood customs, and I came with references. My last family only let me go because their youngest went off to school." "So, if Narcissa didn't think you were old enough, how did you get the job?" "I was the only one with a background Mr Malfoy approved of. And his search was extensive. I had to provide so many documents." Well, Malfoy was quite rigorous about security. "I understand though. I was briefed aboutÉ everything when I was hired on." Catherine looked at her charge with a bit of endearment she hardly showed, too busy expressing her frustration. "At the time, I thought the extensive background search was ridiculous, but it makes sense now." "Oh, how?" Poised to answer, Catherine looked at her watch and jolted. "Excuse me for a moment. I need to check and see if Mr Graves has returned from lunch." She was gone before Hermione could say anything else. Hermione turned to Scorpius, who was studying his father's note with a single-minded focus. It was equally as adorable as it was impressive to watch him work through a series of different expressions, his mouth moving to silently sound out the letters. He traced the letters on the scrap of parchment. Hermione made out two letters: C - H It didn't take much to grab his attention. "You know," she began carefully. "I think your dad would like to give you this himself." Scorpius tensed then looked down. Hermione turned in her chair, knees facing him. She dipped her head down to look him in the eye. "It's okay." A thought struck her. A theory. It couldn't be right, given how often he fell asleep in Malfoy's office. But there was a difference between being in the presence of something you wanted versus reaching for it. "Are you scared?" Scorpius blinked several times as if he were trying to sort through his own feelings. The consternation made him look older. It made her think of Albus when he talked about his struggles at school. He awkwardly pressed his ear to his shoulder, cheeks burning red. That wasn't it. "Are you nervous to say hi?" He was confused by the word so Hermione tried something else. "Do you want to see your dad?" There was no hesitation in his nod, but there was a pinched expression of frustration. "Do youÉ feel like you can't? Is that why you hide until he leaves?" He looked down at the note in his hand. The small nod was every bit as hard to witness as it was for him to express, judging from the way he squirmed in his seat. "It's okay to be nervous." Hermione placed a hand on his shoulder. "It's also okay to ask for help in whatever way makes you feel better." Scorpius was staring again, then his eyes moved when she extended a hand. He accepted it a little quicker than before. "I'll tell you the same thing I told Albus." He looked confused and she realised she'd not yet mentioned Al to him. "Albus is my godson, but sometimes I call him Al. He's five, like you. He wants so badly to meet you." Hermione smiled. "Yes, you." Scorpius still seemed mystified. "He's just like you. Sometimes he gets scared and nervous around big things, but do you want to know what I tell him?" He nodded, adjusting his grip on her hand but not letting go. "I tell him what I once read to him in a book. You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think." Squeezing her hand tighter, he stared at his father's letter. It didn't matter, she wouldn't let go until he was ready. "I can read that for you." Scorpius held the note to his chest. Protective. As if he thought she were going to take it away. "It's your note, Scorpius. And it's also your choice. I won't take that from you. I just wanted to read it to you so you know what it says." After deliberation, he handed it to her with slow hesitation. Hermione accepted it graciously, shifting her chair closer so they could look at it together. She opened her mouth to read, but it instantly went dry when she deciphered it. It wasÉ Personal. Private. Genuine. Hermione couldn't read it out loud. Wouldn't. But Scorpius was looking at her with eager blue eyes and gods, she had volunteered. "It saysÑ" Hermione swallowed her emotions to read a father's written words of devotion. "You're the best choice I've ever made." It was late in the afternoon when she heard the tell-tale signs of Narcissa returning home. She was doing work that would have been more comfortable in the confines of her own office, but she had not wanted to miss speaking to her patient. Narcissa strolled into the kitchen dressed in long, floral robes and flanked by assistantsÑall of whom were carrying bags. She began giving them instructions on where they could set up, what they needed to do, and asked if anyone remembered the sample clothes for the tables. Hermione waited patiently to be noticed while reading and making notes as it pertained to the questions she had for the various professionals she was meeting with during the next couple of weeks. It went on until Hermione pointedly cleared her throat. Narcissa's steps stuttered on the wood, but she recovered, schooled her features into something haughty yet defensive, and approached. "Miss Granger." Hermione continued writing. "Mrs Malfoy." "My apologies for missing lunch today. I had several appointments that unfortunatelyÑ" "Week." Hermione turned to the next blank page, and the sound of pen scratching against parchment resumed. "Excuse me?" "You've missed the last week. Not only meals, but gardening sessions that you agreed to attend as well." Finally, Hermione raised sharp eyes to the witch as she sat primly on the two-seater sofa with her legs folded and her hands laced on her knee. There was such an aristocratic air about her that it made Hermione sit up straighter, but she had learned Narcissa a little better since April and she now knew what this particular attitude meant. It was a role she portrayed whenever she intended to stand high on her moral ground, ready to justify her actions. "I've committed to giving you my time," Hermione said coolly. "And you haveÑI have never felt better than I do right now." "That's not the point. Your condition is centred around deterioration, which is inevitable. I can't do my job without your cooperation. We're only a few weeks from getting you stabilised andÑ" "Miss Granger, this soirŽeÑ" "Is it more important than your life?" "Now you are being dramatic, Miss Granger. The event is next Friday. After that, I will resume your treatment schedule. I will be on my very best behaviour." Until the next end of season event or anything she valued above her health. Hermione could feel her careful control slipping, and with the audience around them, she made a decision to cast a wandless Muffliato. Narcissa looked surprised. "That's not what we agreed on." "Miss Granger, there are several aspects of your care that we didn't agree onÑ" "Oh? Like what? Because I've sacrificed a lot of time and we're less than two months in and you're already breaking the rules. You're already not taking this seriously, Narcissa. Something I find ironic because you spent so much money trying to gain time." "I assure you I very much am taking this seriously." "Are you? Because it's important right now to stay on top of this, to follow the plan I've created as we learn your disease, but your complete focus is on planning a party." Narcissa recoiled at the demeaning tone. "It is not just a party, Miss Granger. I was chosen for this event, which is an honour that you wouldn't understand." "That argument is officially retired. It's not about what I understand, this is about your health. This eventÑ" "Correction: this incredibly important event." She looked more like a businesswoman and less like a society witch. "This event will help me reach the goals I sought more time to accomplish. There will be very important wizarding families from all over Europe in attendance. More importantly, I am staking my reputation on its success. I dare say I might find a wife for my son at this event, or at the very least review the credentials and meet each witch seeking to arrange a marriage date with him. I would like for him to chooseÑ" Her snortÑimpolite and incredulousÑhad come out of nowhere, loud enough for Narcissa to take notice. Previously, whenever she'd brought up her intent to contract Malfoy's second marriage, Hermione had never so much as breathed a response, keeping her face clear of the judgement she felt in her spirit. She told herself it wasn't her business and that was that. In fact, she hardly gave it a thought. Except when she didÉ There were so many pieces to his puzzle (especially as it pertained to Scorpius), but having interacted with Malfoy quite regularlyÑwell, her comment had sparked to life the self-righteous part of Hermione's brain that wanted to say something. The sensation, the urge to speak in his defence, crawled up her throat like an army of ants. But like any bug, she smacked it away. Or panicked while slapping at it repeatedly and shaking her clothes to make sure there were no more ants left marching on her skin. Semantics. "My assignment isn't to care about your parties or marriage dates for your son. My job is to preserve your mind as long as possible, and to provide the best palliative and transitional care I can." "I am aware of our contract." "I've worked countless hours since I started, learning and trying to understand your disease and what to expect so that I can prepare you, myself, and your family, who happen to be the reason you sought my care in the first place. But you have neglected your duties on all levels." "This is why I have hired Catherine and Mr Graves to keep Scorpius on track with his lessons while I tend to other important matters." "You're missing my point. I've given up a significant amount of time that I could have utilised helping others who need it and are more than willing to make sacrifices you refuse to. I've compromised with you on your exercise preferences. I've allowed you into my home and my gardenÑsomething I've never done before. I have even relented on your participation in the season, when I know perfectly well that stress can exacerbate the dementia we still know little about. I have been performing my duties as your Healer, going above and beyond to regularly seek advice from the Healer you rejected, but you haven't been performing your duties as my patient." Narcissa's face was tight. "Say no more, Miss Granger. I understand perfectly." Placidly, she folded her arms across her chest. "Would you prefer it if I stepped back from society?" "I'm not saying that just yet." She bristled. "But you will soon." "As you worsen, yes, but you haven't and I'm trying my best to be understanding. I understand you have other priorities and goals that you want to accomplish before you have to step back, but I have expectations that you will follow our plan. I can tolerate most things, but I despise being stood up. It wastes what little time I do have. It shows that you don't value my time as much as you value your own, so when it boils down to it, that is my problem." Narcissa brought her hand to her necklace. "That was not my intention." "But that's what has been happening." Hermione gathered her belongings and summoned her beaded bag from the table, catching it firmly. She then stood, preparing to leave and end the Muffliato, but Narcissa's next words stopped her. "I do have one final thing to discuss." Her hackles rose, as they often did whenever a conversation took a sharp turn. "And that is?" "Your conversations with my son." "What about them?" Narcissa stood, dusting invisible lint off her robes. "I'm going to make the assumption that you're the reason he mentioned therapy for Scorpius when there's nothing wrong withÑ" "I have a long list of reasons that make that statement factually incorrect," Hermione snapped, and Narcissa's entire expression darkened. "There is something wrong when a child is crying for his dead mother in his sleepÑ" Surprise flashed, but stoic composure won out. Hermione had everything she needed. Narcissa had no idea. Malfoy had never told his mother. "Finite Incantatem. Have a good weekend, Narcissa." June 5, 2011 Pansy was beautifully dressed in an off the shoulder magenta dress. Decorated with sequins and beads, the bottom was trimmed with loose, lace edges. She was ready for a night out. On a Sunday. Pansy also needed a favour, which didn't bode well for Hermione's afternoon plans to deliver her monthly donation of Wolfsbane, Dreamless Sleep, Enhanced Calming Draughts, and various other antidotes and salves. "What is it?" "I'm already late. I arranged for a caterer to make a cake for Draco's birthday, but someone on their staff got Spattergroit and they cancelled. I know you cook things, and since I now have no cakeÑ" "You want me to make Malfoy a birthday cake?" "Yes. You're the only person I know who can bake edible food." "Ginny can bake." "I went to ask her first, but there were two angry kids hugging it out in the living room, I'll let you guess which. I backed out slowly." They both winced, but then Hermione laughed. Hug it out had always been Ginny's preferred avenue of conflict resolution. Despite their age difference, James and Lily fought all the time. Al shied away from their drama. He had no interest in it. "So, will you?" Hermione didn't even try to hide her unease with the request. "I don't know what sort of cake Malfoy likes." Outside of his tea preference, she knew little about his predilections. But Pansy was persistent when it came to getting her way. "A birthday cake, Granger, do keep up. Draco likes anything lemon and pretends he doesn't have a sweet tooth anymore, but absolutely does." That was all the advice Pansy gave before she glanced at her watch and winced. "I've got to pick up his gift, rip him from working on his translations, and meet everyone in an hour." "Will Scorpius be in attendance?" "No. Adults only. I know Narcissa tried to do something for his birthday yesterday, but she's all but given up. Draco will attend our birthday events, but he typically spends the day alone. It's his way." It sounded lonely in the same way that underfed people felt even more hungry when they saw others eat. Hermione hugged herself at the thought and the words he'd written on a scrap of parchment for his son. She shook it off. "How did you convince Malfoy to allow you all to host a birthday dinner?" "I threatened." Pansy shrugged. "It worked." That was one way of doing it. "You'll make the cake then?" She looked so hopefulÑthe expression was odd coming from someone who glared considerably more often than she smiled. "Fine." Pansy squealed in excitement. "But you owe me." "I'm already renovating your bath!" "I'm paying you." "Details." She left with a soft pop. To her empty house, Hermione gave a well-earned sigh before heading in the direction of her office where she stored all of her cooking books. Lemon. Sweet-tooth. Cake. What else did she know? He'd spent years in France and she noticed that he tended to veer towardsÑ A short while later Hermione closed the cookbook she'd been flipping through in favour of one she'd purchased a few years ago on basic French baking. It was a good enough place to start. After washing her hands, Hermione put on her apron, put her hair up into a bun, and got to work. First stop was the greenhouse. Pansy had asked for a birthday cake, but Hermione had something else in mind. Picking several freshly ripened lemons off of her small tree, she ventured back into her home to pull out the other lemons from the refrigerator before boiling half of them in water for fresh lemon juice. Following the directions, Hermione prepared a crust for a lemon tart. Flour. Powdered sugar. Salt. Cold butter. Egg. Vanilla extract. Before long, she was turning the dough on her lightly floured countertop until it was a ball. After wrapping it up in clingfilm, she put it up to chill and turned to her next task. For another thirty minutes, Hermione worked on the lemon curd. The directions had made it seem far easier than it actually was, which sent her scouring through all of her French dessert books for tips to fix something that was too tart. She ended up figuring it out with a small experiment that worked and found herself back on track just in time to finish making the curd, which turned out far nicer than any she had ever made before. When Hermione poured the curd into its crust and placed it into the cooker, she made raspberry ChantillyÑripe raspberries, sugar, vanilla extract, and creamÑand a small batch of lemon biscuits for Malfoy to hopefully share with Scorpius. It was worth a shot. Hermione packed the Chantilly in a separate container, some fresh mint to garnish, and then dusted powdered sugar on the lemon tart. It was too soon for the powdered sugar, but three hours had passed since Pansy had left and she was officially late. They would surely be back at Pansy's any moment following their meal out, but that didn't stop her from waiting until the biscuits were finished. She used the only bit of cooking magic she knew to rapidly cool them to the perfect temperature so she could wrap them up along with the other desserts. Rushing, Hermione didn't even bother to take off her apron before stepping into the Floo and calling for Pansy's flat. Which was empty. A relief. Pansy had already properly set the circular table for five, along with cutlery and serving knives. Hermione placed the lemon tart in the centre of the table on the stand, found a nice dish for the raspberry Chantilly, and laid a sprig of mint on each plate for the garnish. She sighed with relief, tucked a flyaway behind her ear, and prepared a note with serving directions. Hermione was leaving said note on the counter when Pansy popped into the room. Followed by Malfoy, who looked every bit as confused as Hermione was shocked by their sudden appearance. He was arm in arm with the heavily pregnant Daphne, who winced upon landing. "Consider that my last side-along until I have thisÑ" Daphne noticed Hermione and greeted her with a broad smile. "Look, Draco! Hermione's here." "I see." Hermione watched the strange scene unfold in front of her. Daphne allowed the ever-stoic Malfoy to help her into a seat at the table. His expression gave nothing awayÑhis movements were stiff and there was a grimace on his faceÑbut Hermione noted how careful he was with Daphne, how he'd kept a firm hand on her back to keep her steady. Why was she surprised? He wasn't a barbarian. Still, there was something noteworthy about how, even after she was seated and pushed in, Malfoy waited until she was absolutely settled before shifting his gaze back to Hermione. His mouth was pressed into a tight line as if he were waiting for her to say something. But for once, she had nothing to say. Hermione nodded in the direction of the Floo. "I was justÑ" Leaving. "Staying, of course," Pansy said from where she stood at the counter, Hermione's note in hand with a smirk on her face. Grey eyes slid away from her to Pansy before one brow lifted in a query that the witch ignored like it was her job. "You don't mind, right Draco?" "I was only here to deliver the lemon tart. IÑ" "I don't mind." Quiet and clipped, his words cut through the near silence of the room. Hermione shut her mouth with an audible click. "Oh, but I don't want to intrude." It didn't matter that she knew them all, and was friendly with each in one way or another, they were still Malfoy's friends. And today was his birthday. That he never celebrated. She really shouldn't be there. "I was going home toÑ" "Come on." Daphne appeared vastly amused. "Stop beingÑwell, you." Pansy waved her hand flippantly. Before she could argue her point further, Pansy ushered her to the seat next to Malfoy that he held out politely with his normal air of stoicism. Hermione meant to argue that she didn't need him to do anything for her, but his hard expression made her sit down. Then she jolted when Malfoy pushed her chair closer to the table and returned to his seat. Pansy sat next to her. Theo appeared in the room, greeting like he half-expected for her to be there. "Hermione." She managed a small wave. It wasÉ bizarre, but also Theo. "Did you bring the candles?" Pansy asked Daphne. "I thought you did." "No, you saidÉ" When they finished squabbling like Hermione's chickens, Pansy got up with a huff to search her kitchen drawers for candles. Theo, with an almost fond roll of his eyes, took the final open seat next to Daphne, who was squirmier than usual. She'd already shifted in her chair several times, unable to find a comfortable position. He asked if she was all right, and she nodded. "I've had this cramp for about a week now. No worries." "Anything I can do?" Theo asked. "If you could make my baby stop stomping on my internal organs, that would be fantastic." "Uh." There had only been a handful of times Hermione had seen Theo speechless, and this was one. Daphne laughed. Not that he heard or paid much attention. He was too busy surveying his surroundings like a king would a newly conquered territory. Once he reconciled Hermione's presence, everything else was as it should be. Except Malfoy. She knew how to interpret the meaning in Theo's subtleties after studying him for years, and didn't feel so woefully out of her element as she watched the exchange between the two men. At least one half of the equation made sense. In a way. Theo still had his quirks and mysteries, things about him that perplexed her, but she had never put forth the energy required to figure those out. The other half of the equation? WellÉ he made about as much sense as the instructions to brew Felix Felicis. While admittedly curious even before the note or the talk in her conservatory, Hermione was trying to weigh her options about expending the frustrating energy it would take. What were her reasons for wanting to scale the walls of his fortress? Malfoy was odd and difficult, contradictory in the way he talked and behaved. He was nothing like the boy she once knew: the bully, the bigot. Yet despite his defensiveness and intricacies, there was something far more genuine than posturing about the adult version of Draco Malfoy. But why was she so curious? What did she hope to gain by educating herself on him? What was she looking for? And better yet, what was her probability of success? Not very high. Theo's eyes suddenly flashed and he gestured to the lemon tart. "Your favourite, right Draco?" The questions in Hermione's head scattered like ash in the wind. Dispersed and forgotten. Diluted, but still present, if unnoticed. What? Malfoy's face was so blank that, with his pale skin and black suit, he almost seemed lifeless. Next to Theo, recognition bloomed on Daphne's face. "Oh, right, this is your favourite! How did you know, Hermione?" "I didn't." Hermione awkwardly patted the bun on the top of her head while looking everywhere except at Malfoy. "Ah, wellÉ" Daphne shifted in her seat again. "Nice guess." Pansy arrived with candles, placing one in the centre of the lemon tart. When she threatened to sing, Malfoy looked ready to commit murder. But she spared him a song and settled for letting him blow out the lonely candle. He extinguished it with nothing more than an irritated sigh. As hostess, Pansy took care of cutting the lemon tart into pieces and placing them on each plate. With magic, of course. Daphne and Theo started in on their tart, and the Floo roared to life. Blaise arrived alone, as Padma had to work. Because he wasn't the sort that could let the elephant in the room go unmentioned, his dark eyes scanned the scene with obvious interest. "Ah." Blaise smirked. "A lion amongst the snakes." It was such a nauseatingly cliched statement that it made them all respond in various ways: Daphne threatened to throw her tart at his head then changed her mind, Pansy cursed, Theo raised an eyebrow, and Malfoy smothered a chuckle in his fist. Hermione rolled her eyes with humour, feeling like she could because he'd lightened the heavy mood of the room. Blaise had an unmatched way of melting into any group and easing tensions. "Oh, for fuck's sake," Pansy said. "You're late." "Had an important Floo call with the wedding planner to confirm our guest list." He made a face. "Couldn't be helped. Padma told me to go when the call went on too long. Is that lemon tart?" "Granger made it." Pansy summoned a spare plate from the kitchen and cut him a piece. "I trust your cooking." That spoke volumes as he didn't trust Padma's. "Now, where am I going to sit?" That made Hermione feel even more like an intruder. The table had been set for five and couldn't be spelled any larger due to the lack of space. She should have left. Six people made it a tight enough fit for her to murmur an apology to Malfoy when she scooted too close for comfort in order for Pansy to add a chair for Blaise. She wasn't touching him, but it was close. Everything was. "Mind your hand, Draco," Pansy chided gently when she saw him scoot his chair slightly away from Hermione. "It's fine." His response was low and gruff and came a beat too quick. "What happened to your hand?" Hermione asked. Before Malfoy could answerÑor not, knowing himÑtwin aggravated huffs came from Daphne and Pansy, but it was the former who responded. "He got hurt during a training exercise Friday and refuses to see a HealerÑ" "Not to mention, he's overusing it with all his translation work that I had to yank him from in order to make it to dinner on time." "Are you fucking serious?" Daphne leaned forward as much as she could with her pregnant belly and the table as a barrier. Those obstacles didn't stop her from glaring daggers at the man who was scowling at Pansy. "Draco!" "It's his birthday." Blaise came to the rescue. "Stop nagging him." "Fine, we'll resume tomorrow." Pansy looked pleased. "Daphne?" "Absolutely." Malfoy pinched the bridge of his nose. "Suddenly hell on Earth sounds appealing." Everyone laughed. Hermione glanced at him in time to see him card a hand through his hair. She went to reach for her drink, but there was none there. Hmm. They resumed eating and chatting, but Hermione waited. Unlike everyone else, Malfoy hadn't so much as picked up his fork. Blaise settled between Daphne and Pansy, complimented the lemon tart, and that was the end of that. Soon, the atmosphere began shifting. Changing. Daphne helped herself to a second piece while Theo listened in on their conversation, only speaking when absolutely necessary, as he was wont to do anyway. His tart was half-eaten, which made senseÑhe wasn't one for sweets to begin with. Malfoy still hadn't tried it, and while everyone else approved, for the simple fact that it was his birthday, Hermione wanted to know what he thought. Finally, Malfoy forked a piece of it and examined it as though he were a food critic. "You'll never know that you don't like it unless you try it." His shoulders stiffened and he cut his eyes at her. "And why do you assume I won't?" "Because you seem hesitant." "I'm not hesitant, I'm just not hungry." Malfoy placed his fork on the plate. "I had no idea they were planning dessert." He didn't seem happy about anything. The surprised look, his overall lack of amusement, and the daggers he all but slung at TheoÑ Now it all made sense. Malfoy did not like surprises. And as someone who shared the sentiment, she could relate. "You haven't tried it either." He pointed to her still untouched slice. "I had no plans to even make this today, soÉ I guess we were both in for a surprise." The corner of his mouth twitched, but he said nothing else before picking up his fork that still held the piece he had been examining. She didn't expect him to eat it, but he surprised her. If she read his fleeting expression correctly, he seemed to enjoy it. Then he took a second bite. And a third. Absently, Hermione's eyes strayed to his mouth, watching the way he chewed, the way his throat worked as he swallowed. When his eyes swung to hers again, one brow rising sharply in curious bewilderment, Hermione thought there was no better time than the present to try the lemon tart. And, wellÉ She tasted it enough to know one thing. "It's a bit tart." "The name implies that it should be." Malfoy placed his fork down with a soft clink. Hermione smiled before she could stop herself. "True." She took another bite, really taking her time tasting it. The consistency wasn't perfect. Had she been given more time and had she not been pressed to use magic to help it settle, it would have been quite good. But this was his favourite dessert. Issues aside, it was an acquired taste Ñsweet and flavourful with a bite that wasn't bitter enough to make her grimace but still strong enough to assert itself. "Why lemon tart?" Hermione asked. "Why does anyone like anything, Granger? Not everything has a deep meaning or significance. Sometimes, it's a matter of preference and taste." There was a tiny sliver of her that wondered if he was genuine. "It's an odd predilection." Hermione tried it again, but with the raspberry Chantilly. It provided a sweet balance which significantly improved the taste. "Probably, but it's mine." It wasn't said with the normal brusque tone she was used to. Still dry and cool, but that was who he was. It sounded like a matter of pride. No matter how simple, his preference for tart foods was a little piece of something that was just hisÑsomething he didn't have to hide. A choice. "I made lemon biscuits for Scorpius, too." She hadn't even remembered until that very moment. Malfoy went cold and blank, tension rising in him for some reason she internally scrambled to figure out. "First breakfast, then lunch, now this? Why?" His glare could melt steel, intended to intimidate. "I wanted to," Hermione replied. "No need to treat an act of kindness like a declaration of war. They're just biscuits, Malfoy. You can take them and try to enjoy them with your son or leave them and I'll give them to Harry's kids. I don't care which you decide to do." Then she recalled her conversation with Pansy and Daphne, and the hints that Catherine had given. "You're more than welcome to test them, if you'd like. Or I could try them first, if that makes you more comfortable." The moment stretched taut. Hermione turned to join the conversation the others were having about Portkey applications for international travel for Blaise and Padma's wedding. Pansy had already turned hers into the Ministry. Tension continued to roll off Malfoy in waves that crashed against her due to proximity, but before she could react or brace herself, the storm passed on. The dark clouds over his head cleared. The waters calmedÑas much as they could, given who he was. And then, something unexpected happened. Malfoy tapped his finger on the table just long enough to draw her eyes to the actionÑand the bit of colour peeking from under the cuff of his suit jacket. "Do you think he'll like them?" Hermione abruptly turned. There were several reasons she found his question odd, but a small sliver of that had to do with how earnest he sounded. Honest. Like his note. Like he really wanted to know. But her overall confusion, the reason behind her sharp recoil was simple: He didn't know? "HÑ" She tried not to trip on her words, but failed. "As a rule, children generally like sweets. Now, whether he prefers lemon biscuits to another kind, I'm not sure. You would know that better than me." Daphne gasped and looked down sharply. "I think my water just broke." Everyone frozeÉ And then dessert descended into chaos. The scramble to St Mungo's was anti-climatic. Pansy had run off to track down Dean, who was finishing up at work at Gringotts, somewhere deep underground in a vault. That would take time. Theo had gone ahead first to start the registration process. Blaise had stayed behind to make Floo calls to their mutual friends with the news. As a Healer, Hermione had been the natural choice to escort Daphne to the hospital. Out of them all, she likely had the most experience with giving support during childbirth as she had been in the room when James was born after Harry had fainted. However, Daphne had surprised them all when she'd asked Malfoy to come with them. For moral support. Though appearing vastly uncomfortable with the idea, he'd agreed because he wasn't stupid enough to argue with a woman in labour. While questionable at best, until Pansy returned with Dean, Malfoy really was a good option. He was calm during check-in, kept her balanced when they walked to keep her comfortable, and unflappable when she squeezed his hands through each contraction. Three hours later, in a private room with a Mediwitch doula, Daphne was still squeezing Malfoy's hurt hand hard enough for Hermione to wonder if she would actually break his bones. If she hadn't already. She had heard his knuckles painfully crack several times. "Where is he?" Daphne looked at the door anxiously. "He'll be here soon." Hermione dabbed her brow. "We can't worry about that now. Need you to focus." "Six centimetres," the Mediwitch announced, re-emerging from under the sheet. "You're doing beautifully, Mrs Thomas. In a few hours, you'll be set toÑ" "Did you say hours?" Daphne sat up from her reclined position as best as she could, Hermione ended up giving her the last little boost she needed while Malfoy helped her adjust. "I did." The witch smiled brightly, but it slowly washed out like a canvas in the rain at the dangerous look on her face. "We can do potions, something to ease the pain, but not too much because it will dull your senses and you need them to push." Daphne consented with a small nod and together, she and Malfoy worked to get her comfortable before the next contraction. He was patientÑwith her at least, if the increasingly irritated looks he was giving the too happy Mediwitch gave anything away about his current mood. And he also double checked the potions, going so far as to sniff each of them before Daphne growled, surged up, and snatched it out of his hand, guzzling them down one after the other. "Now's not the time for your paranoia." Hermione agreed. Silently. Malfoy rubbed his temple and exhaled sharply, seeming to reset. It was something he appeared to do for a myriad of reasons, Hermione recognised. Where were they? It was a question Hermione wanted to answer, but couldn't. The potions began to ease Daphne's stress and curb her pain; the pressure was her biggest issue. But that was normal. For once, despite her experience, Hermione felt woefully out of her depth and had little to say. She just kept dabbing her friend's head with a cool towel and offering words of encouragement. All the while she watched, with a certain degree of horror, as Malfoy's hand turned from normal and pale to red. She could now see the veins. There was no way he had any feeling left. And yet, Malfoy didn't seem to notice. Maybe he was Occluding. Hermione remembered Harry saying that Malfoy had learned. She'd never seen anyone do it up close before. George had tried after the war, but it had been such an unsafe and unstable way to handle grief. Besides, he didn't have what it took to be a good Occlumens; his feelings after the war had been too close to the surface, not repressed, chaotic. Therapy had been a much better option. Malfoy, on the other hand, probably excelled at it. He had to compartmentalise his true emotions, suppress them, bury them so deep and cover the surface of his mind with meaningless thoughts to distract anyone from what was beneath. Malfoy was the most repressed person she knew. Hermione wasn't sure if he was doing it right then, but knew he had to be doing something because he hadn't so much as winced. He shifted his chair closer to Daphne's side. His jaw flexed when her next contraction hit and she squeezed his hand like it was her lifeline, while seemingly holding her breath, straining. Before the Mediwitch or Hermione could say anything, Malfoy gave firm yet gentle instructions. "Exhale. Don't push yet." How did he know? Hermione doubted it was proper for wizards to be in the birthing room. Harry didn't care much for tradition, Dean either, but she always thought that MalfoyÑ "Okay. Okay." Daphne stared right at him as she exhaled slowly, nodding along with him and sharing silent words neither would speak. Whatever she was saying to him, Malfoy responded with a restrained, "I know." A low sob broke loose before she shut her eyes, tears rolling down her cheeks. The Mediwitch stepped out of the room and Hermione watched several things at once: the emotional exchange and bond between them she had never been around to witness, the uncharacteristic serenity he projected, andÉ him. She was so busy staring at Malfoy she nearly forgot what she was supposed to be doing. It wasn't until he caught her staring and quirked his brow that she looked away. Just for a moment. The abrupt entrance of a harried Dean felt like salvation. And though Daphne had been worried sick, everything melted away when she saw him. He looked relieved to see her, too. Happy to see that she was all right. Glad that he hadn't been too late. Hermione stepped aside and allowed her husband to fill the space she'd just left. "Sorry I'm late." He was sweating and a bit dirty, looking as if he'd run several kilometres while still in his work clothes from Gringotts where Dean was a Curse-breaker. "Working on a cursed vault when PansyÑwell, she'll likely be banned for violating security protocol." There was a mixture of laughs, chuckles, and snorts between the four of them. Dean leaned forward, wrapping an arm around his wife's shoulders that she brought her free hand up to clasp. Malfoy, now freed from her grip, joined Hermione at the foot of the bed, giving the soon-to-be new parents space. Dean rested his forehead against hers. When he spoke her name like a prayer, Daphne shut her eyes, truly relaxing for the first time. "I love you." "I love you, too." The sight was almost too intimate to witness; a private, vulnerable moment between two people who loved each other so much they defied everything just to be together. She was struck by the exchange, the moment when past, present, and future blended seamlessly together like a trinity. Unified and alive. "We're going to be parents," Daphne whispered in awe, her eyes wet with tears. "I'm terrified." "Me, too." Dean's quiet confession was loud in the silence. Hermione glanced over at Malfoy, who opened and closed his fist, mouth downturned in a solemn expression. She tapped his arm and when he looked, she made a gesture towards the door. His response had been to lead the way. Hermione followed, watching the way he walked, noting the stiffness in his shoulders and the way he continually flexed his hand. He was hurt. He'd likely aggravated the untreated injury. "We're going to wait with everyone else." Hermione told the couple. They both nodded, but Daphne mouthed thank you to her. She grinned back in response. Malfoy was near the door when Dean addressed him. "Draco." They both looked for two separate reasons: Hermione because of how he'd said his nameÑwith an air of gratitude and a measure of respectÑand Malfoy in a knee-jerk response to hearing his name. The two men exchanged looks. Not words. Pansy interrupted the silent exchange by all but bursting into the room. She had yellow balloons and was holding three bags with a look of high irritation on her face. "Am I late?" "No! Come hold my other hand!" Surprisingly compliant, Pansy did just that. But first she dropped everything in a chair and glared at Daphne. "You're about to be really annoying, aren't you?" "Of course, I am, I've got something the size of a watermelon comingÑ" The words died in her mouth when another contraction hit. They slipped out just as the Mediwitch returned. Hermione fell into step beside Malfoy. From the door to the end of the corridor and through their first turn, they said nothing. In the end, she broke the silence when the pieces of the dynamic between Pansy and Daphne fell into place and she gave a soft, chuffed chuckle. "They fight like siblings." "You say that as if that surprises you." Malfoy cast a sharp look in her direction as they continued down another hall, heading towards the lift. "And if it does, you haven't been paying attention. Surprising for someone who rarely misses a thing." "Admittedly, there are plenty of things that I miss. And even more that I don't understand." Like you. When they passed a Healer she was familiar with but didn't know by name, Hermione politely nodded in greeting. Malfoy said nothing until they were alone. "It's a humbling experience to be burned." His voice was deep like thunder that matched his stormy look. "To be ostracised from everything you know because you want something you shouldn't, something you've known all your life you won't get because of your duty to your family, your heritage, and your bloodline." "You've never been burned. How would you know?" "You're right. I did as I was told." Solemn words from a stoic man. "There's punishment in that, too." Draco Malfoy was younger than her, but his sentiment carried a weight that made him sound so much older. Brittle. Lonely. His statement would remain for a long time. Follow her from room to room. Replay in the silence. Unavoidable. And it wasn't just that. His words were timeworn in the same way dead languages were. When translated, they could be interpreted and applied to every part of his life: when he'd made the wrong choice at the wrong time, when he had gone down the wrong path. He seemed to know that, no matter what good he did, no matter how many Death Eaters he brought to justice, his present would never eclipse his history. He never stood a chance, always fighting an uphill battle. But for some reason, he kept fighting. She had no idea why. "Burning," Malfoy broke the silence, "is something that they have both suffered, at one time or another. I won't deny each could have handled it a lot better, at least as it pertained to the other." "Daphne could have been more understanding about Pansy's abandonment, as she was under the thumb of her husband's family, but Pansy could have tried harder, too. Also, Daphne could have been more supportive when Pansy left that life." "That's a very black and white way of looking at things, Granger, but you're not wrong. How do you know?" Hermione stopped in front of the lift. "They've each told me a bit, but Theo told me more." She shook her head fondly. "He's like a collector of wayward purebloods." "That's accurate." Malfoy didn't sound quite humoured, but it was close. "But what about you?" He tensed, turning to face her, brow lifted. "What about me?" "Why did Theo take you in?" "He had his reasons." The answer was so vague that it was both useless and full of meaning. Hermione had no idea how to decipher it. "I think the better question is why did he take you in, Granger? With that logic, you're neither wayward nor are you a pureblood. He considers you a friend, yet you don't meet his criteria." "I didn't know friendship came with conditions. Just loyalty, consistency, and trust. Does yours?" "Are you trying to be my friend, Granger?" He flexed his hand again. The painful grimace remained as he opened and closed his fist. "I'm not one of your projects." "No, you're not." She glanced down at his left hand. In comparison to the right, it was red and swollen. "How's your hand?" "It's fine." Obviously a lie. Hermione took her wand out of the pocket of the apron she ridiculously was still wearing. Malfoy, who most definitely noticed the action, stepped back, bumping into the wall next to the lift doors. She stepped with him, reaching for the cuff of his sleeve, but he drew back. She looked up. "I can heal it." "I said I'm fine. I have a high tolerance for pain." "I'm aware, but you shouldn't have to suffer." Hermione wondered if the intensity of his gaze was indicative of the defensiveness that he carried like a shield or just a product of the friction and history. "Why does it matter to you?" "I'm a Healer. It's my job and it'll just take a second to examine it." Malfoy's frown was deep, cool, and fixed. Unmovable. "If you must." He extended his hand between them and looked away. His acquiescence jolted her. She hadn't expected it. Rubbing her thumbs against her fingertips, feeling strangely jittery, Hermione tentatively reached for the extended arm and turned it over as though she was dealing with a skittish patientÑhonestly, she was. Hermione made quick work of healing his hand. After a couple of spells, it was no longer red or irritated. "I'm just going to look at your wrist as well." When she went to unbutton the cuff of his shirt, Malfoy tried to jerk his arm away, but his back was against the wall and his elbow hit it hard, causing him to wince. There was no place to go. Why was he so jumpy about showing his wrist? It couldn't be the mark that had faded with Voldemort's death. Besides, he had aÑ "Normally," she said softly, "people with tattoos are proud to show them off, but not you. You seem ashamed." Malfoy watched her unbutton his cuff. "The only tattoo I'm ashamed of is nothing but scarred skin." Not that she would ever dream of getting one, but Hermione found tattoos fascinating. They could tell a thousand stories, show a myriad of emotions, tell someone's dreams, memories, stories of hurt and happiness, joy and painÑall without uttering a single word. It was a unique form of art that could show a person's soul. But what about Malfoy's? What piece of his soul did he etch into his skin? Hermione folded his sleeve back once, eyes raking over the tiny reveal of his secret, one that she'd been quietly interested in since seeing it for the first time. It was most definitely a dragon. An intricate one at that. Dramatic. The shaded scales she had seen were part of the tail that became its body. It wound around his arm and continued up beyond what she could seeÑbeyond what he would willingly expose. Hermione stepped closer, once again surprised by his warm hands. The tips of his fingers were rough. Burned. It was something she had done with other patients she'd healed before, lacing her fingers with his and rolling a compliant wrist, bending it back and forth. Just to test its flexibility. Strength. Hermione also looked at the details of his tattoo, but what she could see wasn't enough. It didn't answer her questions. She was curious by nature. Now more than ever after his note to his son. She needed to see more to find more answers. With bated breath, because she just knew Malfoy was going to stop her, Hermione focused on her task of unlacing their fingers and rolling his sleeve up againÑnow nearly halfway up his forearm. Malfoy didn't stop her, remaining still as a statue, so silent she could hardly hear him breathing. What Hermione could feel were his eyes on her, searching and intense. Burning her. But she knew better than to look as he loomed above her like a shadow. The spell would be broken. More scales were revealed. The dragon's body continued up his arm, partly covering scarred skin. But Hermione barely noticed. Her eyes fell on the dragon's belly. It was different altogether. A scarred part of his skin that once represented his shame was now covered, shaded a dark blue. It looked like a night sky with stars organised into shapes. A constellation. A scorpion. Scorpius. Wear your heart on your skin in this life. Sylvia Plath Chapter End Notes A/N: Partial tattoo reveal. You're the best choice I've ever made. Scorpius-the shape of his heart. *sob* Hermione finding more and more out about Draco's devotion to Scorpius. So much change on all fronts and people beginning to notice the chemistry between Draco and Hermione. Chapter 14: House of Cards Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Fourteen House of Cards June 12, 2011 Raindrops. They fell from the stormy sky in a torrential bout. Hard and fast, unrelenting droplets pounded against the glass panes of Hermione's lit conservatory, racing to the ground and gathering in puddles. It had been storming for hours, and visibility was nothing. All Hermione could hear was the nearby crackle of the trees as the howling wind tested the strength of their roots. Lightning streaked across the sky every so often, but Hermione paid it no mind. She was too busy watching Scorpius. He sat on the floor, in front of the conservatory garden, knees drawn to his chest as his eyes skittered across the room. With each pass, he would look back to where she sat with Narcissa, startle, and then look away. The air was heavier than it should have been. His red ears were indicative of his mood, which made Hermione lace her fingers together, and squeeze tightly to stop herself from doing or saying anything that could be counterproductive. It was such a small detailÑone she wasn't supposed to know the meaning of, but she did. He was nervous enough to sit perfectly still rather than step a toe out of line. "Miss Granger." Narcissa broke the silence in a move that made her grandson tense. "I thought you said he likes plants. He does not seem to be enjoying himself." "Perhaps you can go on with your day and I can report how the playdate goes." "I would prefer to observe for myself." "Why?" Hermione asked. That hadn't been part of the plan. "To appease my own curiosity, and see if he behaves around other children. It will be a test of sorts to determine if I will allow another one. Connections are best formed young, and this one is important. I'dÑ" "I'd like it if you didn't treat my godson like an opportunity when he's a child. When they're both children." Hermione's tone made Narcissa recoil. "The agreement was that this playdate will be conducted in my home, in the way that I see fit, which involves me facilitating alone. Harry and Ginny agreed. Malfoy agreed, as well. As did you. WeÑ" "No need to lecture, Miss Granger." Narcissa cleared her throat delicately. "An agreement is an agreement." She stood, looking first at Scorpius, whose eyes were across the room, then at Hermione. "I expect a full report." "You'll have it by the end of the day." The silence that fell after her terse words was magnified by the storm raging outside. But no argument followed. "Scorpius." He obediently went to Narcissa's side. She peered down at him in a way that made Hermione swallow back her aggravation. "Remain on your best behaviour. I will have it no other way." He bowed politely, and when Narcissa left, Hermione scowled at her back. She had half a mind to lay out each of her mounting arguments, but held her peace. For now. Narcissa leaving was a win. Scorpius deserved an actual tour. Hermione spent the next twenty minutes showing him each plant and letting him decide what was next. If he wanted to touch, she let him. If he didn't understand how, she showed him. Hermione demonstrated the touch-sensitive leaves of the plant last touched by his father. Bit by bit, Scorpius relaxed, and his attention spread beyond the plants. He pressed his hands against the glass and watched the storm outside with innocent fascination, then marvelled at the lights that stretched across the room. "Do you like it here?" Scorpius nodded, cheeks pink, before moving on to the next thing that caught his attention. They were nearing the cactus on the table next to her ottoman when she heard the Floo activate. Scorpius went stock still with nerves. He went to fix his blazer but Hermione kneeled in front of him, smoothing her hands down his arms as he watched her closely. "If you need me, just hold my hand, okay?" Though Scorpius nodded, Hermione had no gauge on how he would interact socially with another child. Having spoken to Al at length the previous weekend to help him better understand Scorpius, she hoped it would go well. But children were unpredictable. "Ready?" Scorpius held her hand tightly as they made their way to the living room, where Albus, with his back to her, seemed to be getting a similar pep talk from a guest. Ron. She had been so focused on Scorpius she hadn't noted their arrival. He looked up at her as they drew closer. "Hey Hermione." Al whirled around in peak chaotic energy. "Is he here, Auntie MioÑ" Upon seeing Scorpius, who had all but attached himself to Hermione's leg, Al stopped. Stuck between the two boys, she couldn't move, even if she wanted to. Albus immediately turned bright red and clung to Ron, who whispered something in his nephew's ear. Hermione couldn't read his lips, but whatever he'd said made Al nod and approach all on his own. She'd never been more proud of her godson. Or Ron for his part. The two seemed to size each other up in a way only five-year-olds could. Hermione observed them both, picking up the less obvious contrasts outside of their physical appearance. Al was messy where Scorpius was perfectly put together, eager where Scorpius was blank. There were more, but their similarities shone through. They were both waiting for the other to make the first move. Al boldly took the honour. "Can I call you Scorp?" Ron suppressed his amusement with a cough as Scorpius looked at her in severe confusion. "It's a nickname and that's your choice." He considered it for only a moment before nodding. Al's face lit up, then crumpled in a way that made Hermione wince. Before she could ask what was wrong, his cheeks turned bright red. "I did it wrong. I'm s'posed to say my name first. IÑ" "It's okay, Al." She squatted in front of him. "You did great! Right, Scorpius?" The boy's response surprised her. He glanced down to where his hand was firmly holding hers, then awkwardly extended his other towards Albus, who was blinking back anxious tears. Uncertain. They both wereÑeven still, their little fingers locked and held. Scorpius And Albus Handshake Source: Jaxxinabox "I didn't mess up?" It was clear he wasn't speaking to her, but Scorpius only kept his eyes on their joined hands. "Not at all," Hermione answered. She gave them a moment, but Al used it to try again. "I'm Albus." For the first time, Scorpius let her hand go and waved. "Auntie 'Mione says you don't talk but that's okay, I'll talk enough for the both of us." Ron's quiet laughter broke out. "Don't forget to eat, Al." His blush intensified. "I won't, Uncle Ron." "Are you both hungry?" Hermione grinned. They responded with twin nods. Scorpius took an unconscious step towards Al, face perfectly blank, but everything spoke to his curiosity about the other child. "Okay, Al, show Scorpius where you wash your hands." "Okay!" It was slow, but they left, hands still clasped together, Scorpius staring in open wonder. From the bottom of the steps, Al said, "I promise not to play in the sink this time!" Hermione waited until they were out of sight before shaking her head fondly. Rising to her full height, she ran a hand over her hair, hating feeling like this with a person so familiar. "Thanks for bringing him by." Ron looked equally as uncomfortable. "Harry got tied up at work. Something about a surprise inquiry with Malfoy." Tiberius was still up to no good. The strange silence stretched on, punctuated only by the sound from the sink upstairs and Al's childish chatter she couldn't quite hear. Ron thumbed in the direction of the two boys. "So that's Scorpius Malfoy?" "Yes." "I was expectingÑ" "His father?" "Well, yeahÉ" He trailed off with a shrug while Hermione mentally considered the comparison both fair and detrimental in equal measure. "Is he part of your work assignment?" "No." "Then whyÑ" Ron shook his head. "Never mind. It doesn't matter. I've got to go. I have a meeting with George and some investors." "Oh, okay then." Hermione waited until he was gone before she gathered everything for their meal: salad wraps with an assortment of fruits and vegetables she'd already peeled and cut. Albus wasn't picky and could be coaxed into trying most anything. ScorpiusÑwell, Hermione hadn't been able to truly gauge his predilections outside the few lunches she'd made him. The meal she'd prepared was a happy medium. Al's wrap had been stuffed with ham, but she'd held off on doing the same for Scorpius, leaving him with only vegetables. She had a tiny hunch. By the time they returned, clothes dry and hands clean, Hermione couldn't help but notice the small shift between them. They both seemed more comfortable around each. There were less open stares from Al while Scorpius still watched in quiet wonder. "Ready to eat?" "Yes!" Al answered for them both. Hermione sat across from the boys and smiled softly. Al pushed their chairs close together while Scorpius removed his blazer. The former was patiently waiting for the latter to sit before tucking in. When he did, Al began eating in his normal blur while Scorpius examined the wrap closely before taking his first curious bite. "Is it good?" "Yes!" Al's response was enthusiastic, but Scorpius' was slow, and only after taking a second bite. An animated Albus dominated all conversation between bites of his lunch; so happy to finally be in the presence of the boy Hermione had mentioned only a few weeks ago. Scorpius looked on in overwhelmed confusion. She watched closely for signs that it was too much. Overall, though, it seemed like he was trying to keep up with Al's chaotic chatter. Albus talked about what he'd learned at school and how he was happy it was almost summer holiday, but skirted around any topics of friends, which made Hermione's smile wane. There was a soft break before he resumed with renewed vigour, telling Scorpius about his siblings. "James makes fun of me so when Lily bites him I don't say anything." His parents. "My dad is the best but my mum is scary." The toys he liked. "I like dinosaurs." The toys he didn't care for. "Lily tries to make me play with dolls. Gross!" Hermione listened, as she always did, with her full attention on him. She glanced at Scorpius, who wore a slightly pinched expression as he ate. It was hard to tell if he was listening intently or irritated. She hoped it was the former. The latter would break Al's heart. "Next time, can I show Scorp the chickens?" "If it's not raining, of course." Scorpius was hard to read. He wasn't smiling or frowning, he just seemed blank, eating with all the manners he'd learned. It was a little worrying, given his nature. "Do you like chickens?" The hope in Al's green eyes was something delicate, something that needed protection. Scorpius was a little slow on the realisation that Albus was asking him a question. He only shrugged his response. Al's shoulders sank a bit. Hermione couldn't help but intervene. "Have you seen chickens in person before?" Scorpius shook his head, flushing in embarrassment. "Oh!" Al perked up. "I can show you. I wish the rain would stop." He looked up at the glass ceiling of the conservatory. "What's so good about the rain?" "Well, rain gives us fresh water to drink, helps the plants grow, and it's nice to sit inside and watch the rain with friends." "Are we friends?" It was an awkward question from a hopeful child. All of her private worries vanished when Scorpius offered Al a slice of his tangerine. The answer in his action spoke louder than any words ever could. Yes. June 13, 2011 Hermione noted a minor adjustment to her morning routine. As always, she woke early and prepared her body and mind for the day ahead. She made her customary to-do list while checking on her outdoor herb garden, noting which plants needed attention and which were ready to be harvested. She collected the morning's eggs and made certain all was well with the chickens, dropping a few scraps that they converged on, before she took her work indoors. That was where her routine veered the slightest bit off course. It was silly how attached she'd gotten to the cactus, quite barmy that every time she walked into the conservatoryÑteeming with plants that were bigger, more colourful, more important and honestly, more impressiveÑthe little speck of green across the room was always the first thing that grabbed her attention. It was the first plant she inspected. And damn if Hermione didn't inspect it every day. And each night. Every person that saw it pointed out how sad it looked, except Theo who had just stared at it. Hermione, on the other hand, could only see the plant's potential and the daily improvements it made as it worked hard to stand up. But it didn't need her help anymore. Like people, as Narcissa had said during their gardening session, plants needed time to adjust and heal. But that hadn't stopped Hermione from checking in, reading up to make sure it had the proper nutrients, and sitting with it as she skimmed the morning edition of The Prophet. Had she not read the paper that morning, Hermione might not have noticed the other changes occurring around her. Percy had been busy. He'd spearheaded a joint effort with fourteen other Ministries to form a coalition to fight the spread of terrorism. The story was front page news, with the Chief Warlock next to the Minister, who was shaking hands with the American President. Percy had been in the background, stoic as ever. While the Wizengamot had made a big show of it, Hermione knew they had only signed because they'd had no other option. It wouldn't be a good look if they didn't. Just after six, Hermione stepped out of the Floo. She expected to be greeted with the sight of Malfoy, glasses tipped on the bridge of his nose as he read the Prophet at the island, but unlike every other morning, she experienced the second adjustment to her routine. The kitchen was empty. The table was clear, except for the note on the table for ScorpiusÉ And the electric kettle wasÉ on. For her? Malfoy had already come and gone. The disappointment she felt was odd in its severity. Coupled with confusion behind the source of her sentiment and his continued contradictions. It was funny how a simple gesture could spark such deep thoughts. It hadn't been an accident. Malfoy was far too meticulous. Hermione dissected it as she frowned at the kettle. Automatic shut off notwithstanding, Malfoy must have known she would be there in time. Which was interesting. Draco Malfoy only truly trusted himself. His friends seemed to have pieces of his puzzle independently, some more than others, but collectively, they didn't have them all. Certainly not the ones needed to form a picture of him that made any kind of sense. But that day Malfoy had placed a piece of his puzzle in her hand. A small one that was either insignificant or vital; she didn't know which, but what she did know was that piece meant trust. At least, as it pertained to the routine they'd formed. Which was more than interesting. It felt like a shift. Synchronicity found in a simple action. By the time Narcissa all but stormed into the kitchen, irritation rolling off her in tidal waves, Hermione was on her second cup of tea. Scorpius had come for breakfast, looking around for his father. Hermione hadn't left him in suspense; she'd told the little boy he'd already gone to work. Wincing, she'd noted his flash of disappointment at not being able to get his daily peek. She'd redirected him to his note and the herb sprig of the day: Basil. Today, Scorpius had been more interested in her breakfastÑeggs and toast with rhubarb jam Ñthan the one Zippy had prepared. The poached egg and sausage was too much, judging by the way Scorpius had refused to eat the runny eggs and ignored the meat with an upturned nose. She was glad Zippy wasn't there. He might have been offended. Hermione talked to him about yesterday's lunch with Albus, grinning when he expressed his enjoyment with a shy nod. After several minutes of owlish blinks and that same innocent expression of longing Harry's kids employed when they wanted something, Hermione offered him her second slice of toast. Scorpius ate it all. Even the crust. The sacrifice she'd made didn't feel like one at all when he smiled. Hermione smiled into her tea at the memory long after he left for his lessons. "You are awfully chipper today, Miss Granger." Judging from the brittle insolence in her tone, Narcissa Malfoy was not. Despite being well dressed, with her hair properly styled, exhaustion poured from every crevice. The physical signs had been either charmed away or hidden with makeup. But Hermione could see through the facade. She knew what to look for: bags under her slightly red-rimmed eyes and clammy skin. Narcissa Malfoy was not okay. "Did you receive my report regarding the playdate?" Hermione asked. "Yes, thank you." "Do you have any questions?" "No." Narcissa's behaviour hadn't changed much since their previous conversation, but she had, at least, been taking her potions and eating breakfastÑnotably, though, not lunch. The soirŽe had been the previous weekend, and with that over, Hermione was ready to discuss continuing on their plan. "When would you like to resume gardening?" "I have other matters that require my attention." "Oh? Matters such as?" "Scheduling marriage dates for Draco as a result of several agreements made at the soirŽe. Furthermore, the event was such a success that I was invited to three more. The prospect of expanding my searchÑ" "We didn't agree to this. If I recallÑ" Hermione paused. "I'm not arguing about this today. I don't have the time or energy. If you aren't busy, I'd like to run some diagnostic tests on you." Narcissa only sighed, acting more put out than she had any right to be. "Must we? Sachs already ran diagnostic spells on me this morning. The results appeared on the parchment just before I came downstairs." "Actually, those results are the reason why I want to run more tests. There wereÉ a few abnormalities." "Oh?" "I know what Keating's notes say regarding your sleeping habits, but I'd like to hear it from you." "I am sleeping just fine outside of being increasingly restless." Sachs came into the room holding two vials in her hands. "Mrs Malfoy, you've forgotten both your Invigoration Draught and Girding Potion." Come again? She placed the vial next to Narcissa, who drank them both and continued eating like nothing was wrong. This was a major problem and a cold reminder of the things that happened without her knowledge. And that aggravated Hermione to the ends of the earth. "I probably should take one of those from time to time," Hermione advised dryly. "They're quite good for your mental function." Sachs looked proud of herself, but her smile waned when she became increasingly aware of Hermione's irritation. "Mrs Malfoy has been taking them for years. She stopped when you started treating her, but recently restarted because she's been so tired lately." Fascinating. Hermione sat her teacup down and leaned back in the chair, face blank. "Neither you nor Keating seemed to think it was relevant to inform me, her Primary Healer, of this?" Sachs shifted uncomfortably. "Stand down, Miss Granger. The potions are harmless." Narcissa stood up and nodded at Sachs. "I thank you for bringing them to me. I am feeling much better now, and have a fitting for a new pair of dress robes that will last most of the afternoon. Security will be around shortly to escort me." "That's fine." Hermione was more focused on Sachs anyway. "Sachs? A word please? In private." Because it was clear her bridge-building and compromising attitude meant very little to everyone who liked to do things their own way. It just made them boldly think that they could operate as usual when she wasn't around. And even when she was. Hermione was prepared to teach them all a firm lesson. Narcissa swanned out of the room, her long periwinkle robes flowing behind her like a curtain in the summer breeze. For once, Hermione waited until she was gone. "After today, no more outside potions." "Miss Granger, as aÑ" "Did you happen to read the research I provided to you at the start of my assignment? It's imperative that you and Keating know what to expect as her disease progresses, and why I'm taking the treatment standpoint that I am." "I did, and nowhere in it does it say that she can't take outside potions." "Really? Because page twenty-eight says just that. A re-read might do you some good." Sachs' cheeks flared red with indignation. "I have been a Healer longer than you have been alive." "Experience isn't always measured in years. If it were, it would beg the question as to why she decided to hire me in the first place." Hermione stood, resting her hands on her hips. Sachs said nothing, only set her jaw in a way that made her look like an angry McGonagall. If it were the real thing, she might have backed down, but she was no Minerva. "As I'm aware, your specialty is in terminal care. What it doesn't include is dementia or any other disease that affects the brain or neurological system." "Neither does yours. You mainly work with recovering addicts and revived long-term patients." "I also happen to specialise in slowing the progression of certain terminal diseases," Hermione snapped. "Now that we have reviewed my credentials, I'd like to move forward with our discussion as it pertains to the care of our mutual patient." Hermione walked around the table and picked up the two empty vials. "I considered a myriad of factors when creating her potions. Weight. Height. Medical history. Tolerability. Formulation. Adverse effects. And last, but certainly not least, interaction with other potions: a factor that is testy at best." "It's only been two days since she started taking them again. There have been no signs of any adverse interactions." "That we know of." Hermione's fist clenched around the empty vials. "Do you know the long.term effects of mixing potions? Both you and Mrs Malfoy state that the potions she takes are harmless, but neither of you are Potions Masters. And neither am I, but I've at least consulted enough of them to know that a reaction could be instant or slow. One could take months to manifest. I haven't had her tested in that capacity, as I didn't know I had a reason to." Sachs sniffed, nose upturned sanctimoniously. "I don't think that will be necessary." Healers, no matter what specialty, were narcissists in some capacity. Even her. "You stick to your specialty, and I'll stick to mine," Hermione seethed. "At least I had the decency to consult an expert before administering a potion that IÑ" "The ingredients to both are harmless." "When taken separately." Hermione tried to keep her voice down and maintain her professional poise. "Narcissa is on nine other potions. You have no ideaÑ" "Mrs Malfoy has been repeatedly asking for the potions and I had no reason to believe that they would adversely affect her in any way." Sachs remained completely calm in the near cresting of Hermione's temper. "That's a careless way of thinking that I won't allow. That's not how I work; that's not how any of this will work. If you care about Narcissa as much as I think you do, if you want to work with me to preserve her mind for as long as we can, you'll try to help me instead of enabling her." If unacknowledged guilt had a face, it would look a lot like Sachs'. She held her hands firmly together, gazing off to the side. "After today, no more," Hermione Vanished the vials. "Is she taking any other harmless potions I need to know about?" Sachs' jaw worked stubbornly as she met Hermione's fierce gaze with one of her own. Then she confessed, "Once a week she has a sip of Dreamless Sleep." It was the match that set her temper ablaze. Hermione snatched her beaded bag off the table and stormed out of the kitchen with the other Healer hot on her heels, uselessly calling her name. She had one destination in mind. Narcissa's bedroom was large, ornate, and decorated as one would a wing in a castleÑnot at all like the rest of the house. Like Malfoy's office, it was clearly her space. Large enough to host an intimate tea, it was a room fit for a queen. A separate sitting area was decorated with stunning plants, dŽcor, furniture, and drapes. The door to the bathroom was open, while the double doors leading to her bedroom were closed. Standing in the middle of the sitting area was Narcissa, flanked by her security. Three heads immediately swivelled in her direction. Hermione walked in without knocking, Sachs right behind her. "I keep giving you allowances," Hermione seethed, her anger warring with disappointment. "I keep trying to compromise, and I keep having conversation after conversation with you about your behaviour, and I'm done. Let me remind you that I'm the Healer and you're the patient and frankly, I'm finished waiting for you to realise enough is enough." Narcissa's face was a mix of irritation and confusion. Her mouth opened, ready to demand just what the hell Hermione thought she was doing bursting into her quarters. Or that was what she would have said. Perhaps. Instead, unintelligible words forced themselves out in a stream of consciousness that made no sense. Her eyes went wide with surprise, then hazy as all the colour in her face bled away. She spontaneously Apparated across the room and landed in a heap, catching her head on the edge of the coffee table. A breath passed. Then another before chaos ensued. All Hermione heard was Sachs' useless gasp before she was swept up in a blur of motions that brought her to Narcissa's side. The guards that had 'saved' Hermione made it to Narcissa first. He secured her head and neck while Hermione set to work closing the bleeding gash. The other guard was staring past them all, head cocked in confusion, but she didn't turn to investigate. She was in emergency mode, checking Narcissa's vitals before the guard let her neck go. Narcissa was breathing too hard, face twisted in pain, but her pulse was mercifully slow and steady. The sweat on her brow was as cold as her clammy skin. Hermione checked for any signs of Splinching then checked her eyes. Her pupils were so wide her eyes almost looked black. Fuck. "What's wrong with her?" a security guard asked. Potions mixtures, fatigue, and her disease likely coalesced and caused her to accidentally Apparate. There were so many ingredients that could have crossed and caused such a reaction, but she wouldn't be able to confirm the exact source until she ran the proper tests. At least it was fixable. Then Narcissa started seizing. Hermione threw a look over her shoulder at Sachs before upending her bag. All sorts of books and vials came tumbling out until she found the one she needed. A Neutralising Draught. She kept one on her at all times, as it was designed to reverse the effects of adverse reactions. Hermione uncorked the vial and tilted Narcissa's neck up to pour the clear liquid down her throat. It only took a minute for her body to relax, her breathing to even, and her pulse to normalise. "That should do it." Relieved, Hermione sat back on her heels. She ran a hand over her riotous hair, which had sprung free from its elastic confines during the chaos. She found another hairband and pulled it all back into a messy bun. "Will she wake up?" the guard on the other side of her body asked. "Not immediately, but soon. She will need to rest. Can you levitate her to the bed, please?" He nodded, took out his wand and did as instructed. Narcissa's body rose from the floor as they both stood. Sachs rushed over to hold her arms comfortably so they wouldn't dangle. The two Healers exchanged stony looks. Now wasn't the time to lay blame on anyone's door, but Hermione hoped she finally understood. The security team member was about to turn his head when he froze, just as his partner had, now that she thought about it. "Uh. What are we supposed to do about him?" Him? Hermione whipped around to find a tearful Scorpius clutching a book to his chest in the doorway. The only word on her mind was not safe to speak around him: Shite. "Take her, please. Sachs, cancel her schedule for the day." Hermione was no longer looking at them, still hyper-focused on the red-faced child. He dropped his book, eyes filling with tears. But she felt their questions. "Just go, all of you. Give us a moment." To what extent they followed her commands, Hermione didn't know or careÑshe was in motion before the final directive was given. It was pure instinct that brought her to her knees in front of Scorpius. Safety and compassion that caused her to open her arms to him. Comfort and refuge she offered in her embrace. Kindness in her touch. Resting her cheek on the crown of his head, Hermione listened with a heavy heart as his sniffles escalated into sobs. Hearing Scorpius cry was like listening to someone who had been wounded; a sound so heartbreakingly raw Hermione would never forget it. But instead of shushing him with empty, mollifying words, she let him grip her shirt in his small fists and get it out. She let him cry and feel whatever emotions were running through him. All of the things he wouldn't say. Fear. Sadness. Panic. Grief. Hermione stumbled over the wordÑthe same one she desperately tried not to think about each time she saw ScorpiusÑbut it was hard to ignore what was right in front of her. The pain from the loss of his mother was present in his reticence, in every slow, crooked smile. It was there in the way he'd only leave after she promised to come back. In every hiding spot, every expression, and every step in his routine. In the letters Scorpius carried from his father. In him. Hermione's heavy heart slipped from her hands, fell, and broke for the boy who preferred silence, even though it was so damn lonely. It shattered even further when she realised she couldn't do more to help him, to take it away. She would if she could. Heartbreak was a strange emotion. It never had any rhyme or reason, coming and going as it pleased. It was a word that implied something intense, as if she would have heard the dam in her heart breach and give way to confirm that it had happened. When Scorpius' sobs softened to hiccupping sighs, she brushed her fingers through the short blond hairs on the back of his head. Heartbreak wasn't loud and fast. It was quiet and slow. Less like a tidal wave and more like slowly drifting out to sea without realising how far she'd gotten from shore. There was panic, then desperation. Resolve and finallyÉ acceptance. The last came in the form of tears welling in her own eyes, tears that eventually trickled down her cheeks. It came in the way he still held on, even as his sniffles subsided. Hermione had no idea how long they were there, but eventually Scorpius relaxed and his breaths evened out. Long enough for Hermione to swallow down the emotions she had all but choked on, rubbing away the tears cascading down her cheeks. "There youÑ" Long enough for Catherine to find them. "What happened here?" "He witnessed something that scared him." "Oh, well, I can take him from here." Hermione shook her head. "No, lessons are cancelled for the day. Feel free to notify his tutor." She didn't leave room for any argument. Scorpius never let go. He held her hand as they went to the kitchen, leaned against her leg as he drank the water she'd given him. She dried his eyes and took him outside for fresh air, and when he crawled into her lap, she thought about reciting a few stories she'd committed to memory, but realised that silence was better. More comforting. They drifted together in one all their own until the door opened and Sachs made her presence known by clearing her throat. "She's awake." Scorpius lifted his head. "Do you want to see your grandmother?" After biting his lip, Scorpius nodded tentatively. There was unspoken trust in the way he placed his hand in hers, openness in the way she held it. The short walk back to Narcissa's bed was quiet, and Scorpius slowed as they neared her quarters, hesitant until he saw her sitting up in bed. Her guards were standing by the windowÑwaiting, watching. Hermione sent everyone out with a jerk of her head. The two men left, but Sachs remained. "Why are you not in your lessons?" Narcissa's query was firm, but her eyes were surprisingly indulgent. It was the only thing that stopped Hermione from reacting in Scorpius' defence. "Does it matter? He sawÑ" "Had he been in lessons, he would not have seen a thing." Hermione collected herself and reined in her professionalism. After directing Scorpius to the rocking chair, she covered his lap with a blanket and summoned the book he'd dropped before. It wasn't the dictionary, but a children's book on plants. He looked small in the oversized chair, smaller still with each sneaking glance at Narcissa. She took out her wand and ran several tests, stepped out of the room to Floo call Charles to discuss the results as well as the incident itself. According to Charles, while her reaction was concerning, it wasn't an entirely uncommon response when potions were mixed. Sometimes harmless potions like the ones Narcissa took could be added in with no consequences, sometimes they could cause serious damage. There was no rhyme or reason. It just depended on the patient's body. Despite the fact that it validated her no outside potions rule, Hermione didn't like that answer. The potions weren't a cure. They were meant to ease the symptoms, and not completely at that. It made her think. Wonder. There was no cure, but maybe it would be possible to improve her potions, adjust and stabilise them. Since there were so many factors that worsened her condition, perhaps there was something that could slow its progression. A shot in the dark, really, but an intriguing one with large-scale implications. After her call, Hermione returned to Narcissa's room. Scorpius was asleep and she was watching him with a complex look. Love. Pride. Sadness. It was an indication of a depth Hermione had no idea existed because she hadn't seen it for herself. "How do you feel?" "Exhausted," Narcissa answered without looking at her. "My head hurts, but I don't know why. I don't remember anything after leaving the kitchen." That was what she had been afraid of. Sachs, who was standing on the other side of the bed, made a small noise that got Hermione's attention. "I believe IÑ" "I'd prefer it if we start over from here. Today can't happen again for several reasons." Hermione glanced over at Scorpius. "I'm no longer bartering or trying to appeal to anyone's good sense. I'm not interested in playing word games and strategizing. I require cooperation Ñfrom everyone." Narcissa met her gaze but didn't say a thing. "I'd like us all to work together to get you through your events. I recognise that you need the mental stimulation that society provides, in addition to your other worries." Narcissa blinked in surprise at Hermione's statement. "Compliance and honesty start today. Right here and right now. I have no desire to control you. You've hired me to help. If you don't feel like you have to cooperate, if you feel like you can't stop resisting me at every turn, please let me know so I can turn in my notice and move on to the next assignment." Her eyes dropped to her hands. "I recognise that I have not been the best patient." "No, you haven't. I understand that your life is changing beyond your control and you're trying to cling to normality. I cannot imagine what you're going through, what you've been through, and what's to come. I don't presume to understand your thoughts or the fears you won't express. But I am and will continue to work hard to keep up my end of the agreement. This disease is your reality, it's your family's reality, not mine. I'm here to do my best to give you a fighting chance. But you have to let me." Hermione extended her hand and Narcissa quietly took it. She looked in the direction of the window, but didn't let go. "From now on, everyoneÑme, you, Sachs, Keating, and your familyÑwe all need to be on the same page. If we are not, you might not make it long enough to accomplish or mend everything you've been working so hard for all these months." Hermione glanced over at the sober Sachs, then at Scorpius, who shifted in the chair. "You gave him a fright, and I suspect it won't be the last time." There were so many words that wanted out, at least as it pertained to Scorpius, but now wasn't the time. "I imagine that, coupled with the rough year he's had, Scorpius doesn't understand what's happening, and that simply won't do. He needs to know what's happening to you, but it's not my place to tell him. I'll leave that to you and his father." Narcissa sighed with understanding, releasing Hermione's hands. "He has not had it as easy as many would believe based on his lineage." Not so long ago the name wasn't one that could be said with any sort of pride. Now, things were differentÑsort of. The opinions on the Malfoys were just as complicated as being one. It couldn't be easy, Hermione thought with a frown. Given their traditions, and the airs and appearances they kept, duty to their bloodline forced them to set aside what they wanted and focus on what they were expected to do. She thought about Narcissa and the distance she kept from everyone, even her own family. About kind-hearted Scorpius, his silence, and the loss he'd suffered at such a young age. And what was to come. Her mind turned to Draco Malfoy. His words to her in the hospital, over the course of the last few months, and the things Kingsley and Pansy had said at different times, in different ways. Being a Malfoy was lonely, but it didn't have to be. "Explaining Astoria's death wasÉ difficult." Narcissa's confession was quiet and restrained. "As it should have been." "He has his mother's heart," Narcissa said distastefully. "He is also a sensitive boy, but I am afraid sensitivity is something he inherited twofold, believe it or not." Twofold. "I am working to prepare him." Narcissa's tone left no doubt that she would in all the wrong ways. "My methods may be seen as rigid and unforgiving, but I do it because that is how I was raised, Miss Granger. He needs to be strong. The world will not be easy on him because of who he is. I bear responsibility for that and I do what I can to make things better for him in society, but I am afraid that it will not be enough." "I understand, but he's just a boy. Isn't that what you told me?" Hermione glanced over at Scorpius who slept with his thumb in his mouth. Narcissa stole another look, but said nothing. "He's lost his mother. He doesn't need to be strong or compartmentalise his feelings. He's five. He needs a foundation. Security. He needs compassion and affection from you and his father." "Miss GrangerÑ" "You say that he has his mother's heart as if it's a bad thing. Well, I say there's nothing wrong with him having a heart that works." June 14, 2011 Theo studied the leaning cactus with peculiar interest. Hermione cycled between reading her book and examining him during the lengthy silence while reclining comfortably on the chaise in her conservatory. There was a purpose for his visit. Behind every action there was some motivation, but she couldn't figure his out. His presence typically didn't bother Hermione. Silences with TheoÑwhile thought-provoking due to the ambiguous nature of themÑwere never awkward or uncomfortable. Companionable, in a strange way. Hermione never felt pressured to come up with a clever way to break it because she knew it was intentional. Theo would end the silence precisely when he wanted to, and not a minute before. AndÉ well, there was something shamefully cathartic about giving up a tiny piece of control, even if it was in something as minor as a conversation. But Hermione wasn't inclined to relinquish more than that. Letting go wasn't in her nature; she wasn't one to throw caution to the wind. Hermione liked to have a plan and a backup plan. She wanted to know what would happen and when, and if it took too long to decipher any of that, she became irritated. The idea of not knowing made her want to figure it out more. As soon as he'd arrived, Theo had pulled up a chair to intensely analyse the cactus that was as straightforward as a prickly plant could be. It didn't warrant scrutiny. "Would you like more tea?" Hermione asked in what was such a diversion from their status quo that he seemed surprised. The only flicker of emotion that registered was the slight way he drew back. Then probing green eyes fell on her. He was meddlingÉ again. "No thank you," he replied slowly before taking the final sip and placing the teacup on the table next to the cactus. Theo sat back in his chair, looking out the glass pane where her extensive herb garden was on full display. It was cloudy, but it wouldn't rain until tomorrow, at the earliest. She knew the sight of row after row of crops wasn't the most entertaining, but she couldn't tell by looking at him. "How are things with Narcissa?" Theo asked without turning around. Immediately, she felt stupid. She should have known the real reason behind his visit. "What do you think?" Hermione closed her book with a snap. "Better yet, what do you know?" "A lot." His initial response would have been as irritating as silence, but she knew what he really meant. Everything. The totality of his knowledge was more of a mystery. When Hermione sat up from her semi-reclined position, she placed the book on the table next to the cactus and his teacup. "I think starting over is a good idea." Ah, so they had talked. "Why are you here today, Theo?" It was no secret that he had a stake in Narcissa's care, a reason why he needed her to live as long as possible, but to what extent and whyÉ Well, that was a mystery she hadn't solved nor thought about since an even bigger one came into focus: Draco Malfoy. Theo leaned forward, resting his elbows on the thighs of his slate grey trousers and knotting his hands together. "I could say tomorrow is the full moon. Also, I could say that in addition to obtaining an update on your assignment, I'm here as a friend to offer my assistance in securing your wards. But I doubt you'd believe me." "You would be correct. As you already know, I fixed the diversion wards. I told you that last week. Besides, your concern about my wards is a bit personal for you." "Everything is personal at some level because everything involves people, their emotions, and their devotions." "You're talking in circles." "No," he clipped. "I'm speaking the truth." Hermione thought about laying out her argument, but stopped. He was speaking in riddles, but Sisyphus' eternal punishment of forever rolling a boulder up a hill in the depths of Hades was less of a waste of time than arguing with Theo. "Emotion and devotion are not your thing." "And you know this, how?" He challenged her with a dark look. "Because I do." Theo had a family of his own creation and had been single for years. So long thatÑuntil recently, with Draco Malfoy back on the marketÑhe had been the number one bachelor in wizarding London. He had dated several witches, but never long enough to be considered serious. There were speculations as to whyÑParvati had a list as longer than the essays Snape had made them write for PotionsÑbut when asked by Witch Weekly and other media sources who reported such drivel, Theo always remained tactfully coy. More mystery, less truth. He was good at that. "Interesting." Theo's response was as dry as it was curt. "You just don't strike me as the sort that dabbles with emotions." It felt more like she was digging her own grave, nailing the coffin shut with her inside. She shifted uncomfortably, awkwardly tucking away the fringe that framed her face. "You're practical. Detached." "I suppose it takes one to know one." Hermione winced at the low blow. "Out of the two of us, only one has been in a serious relationship, and I hate to break it to you, but it isn't you." "I hate to break it to you, Granger, but one relationship doesn't put you on a higher pedestal than someone who has not had one. It doesn't mean that you were happier, loved more, or were even more honest." Theo stood and gravitated towards the glass wall in her conservatory, staring straight ahead as he took in the scene. Hermione was chastened. "I suppose you're right." A quick glance over his shoulder was all she received in response. "There are several things required for two people to form a connection, and a relationship status isn't one." It stung with a poignance that shouldn't have left her unsettled. But it did. Hermione questioned the established truths about Theo. He always seemed above it all, both too smart and not inclined to engage in normal human follies or irrational emotions. Love wasn't rational. It was unpredictable and unquantifiableÑtwo things Theo didn't entertain. Or maybe he did and she didn't know him as well as she thought. "Who was she?" His entire body went rigid. "Nobody." Tucking the lie away for later investigation, Hermione sighed at the cactus and joined him at the window. Clouds were slowly rolling in, further blocking the sun. The wind had picked up, judging from the swaying of the trees in the distance. The silence between them was full of unvoiced conversations. "Any regrets about accepting Narcissa Malfoy as a patient?" "Despite our obvious differences, I can say I've only mentally quit thirteen times since the start of the month." And every last reason she stayed had less and less to do with her actual job. "HowÉ" He paused to rephrase his question, surely reconfiguring to mask his real intentions. "How are things? I'd ask Narcissa, but she's excellent at making someone feel very informed when, in fact, they don't know anything. Scorpius doesn't speak. At best, Draco is vague." Hermione snorted inelegantly. "An understatement." Theo hummed in agreement. "He has no trouble speaking to you." "A recent development born out of tea and early morning conversation I've goaded him into." "Draco grew up with the belief that he was better than everyone simply because of his wealth, surname, and the supposed purity of his blood. His entire life that belief was fostered by the false smiles and feigned niceties of people who kissed his arse because of who he was. He learned a very harsh lesson about how people actually felt about his family during the war, and also after. Especially after." People rejoiced when his father died. She thought about the effect that would have had on Malfoy's perception of the world. The reaction didn't change until the circumstances of his death emerged in Narcissa's book. Then it became far messier and more complicated. Now most people wouldn't even talk about it. "The variables Draco can control, he does, and that includes the people he allows around him." "Funny, he said that I don't fit your criteria of friends." "And that is?" Theo asked evenly. "You have an affinity for the lost, picking up wayward purebloods." "Or people." He chuckled. "You fit in more than you know." "I'm notÑ" Hermione stopped herself, filling in the last word in the silence. Lost. ButÉ she had been. And judging from Theo's raised brow, he knew. To find a lost soul, one had to know what to look for. They had to have been lost at one point, too. The idea seemed preposterous. Theo was easily the most put-together person she knew, but there was something that needled her. "Are you still lost?" Hermione asked softly. He didn't answer. He returned to his chair, resuming his examination of the cactus. "Are you?" "No, I'm happy as I am with what I have. I've found purpose and love for what I do and my lifeÉ" "I feel like there's a but here." "PerhapsÉ" Hermione sighed. "I do want more. I suppose that's natural." "Growth is part of the human condition." "You sound like a therapist." "I know I do. Mine." That was stunning; Theo had just willingly given her personal information. "I didn't knowÑ" "Everyone in our year ought to be in therapyÑat least in some capacity." That was an incredibly fair point. They both laughed. Theo's was more like a chuckle, but the humour was there. Still, they lapsed into another silence, but it didn't last long. "I suppose he could be worse." Hermione wrapped her arms around her middle. "He could still be the same Malfoy from Hogwarts, who would have certainly refused to help me out of spite." Theo blinked. "He helped?" "A few weeks ago he came by and answered all my questions. I sent them over to Roger because he's now interested." "He didn't tell me he was helping past correcting her potion." "Well, he owed me a favour." "Draco hates owing anyone anything." "He'sÉ" The unfinished sentence hung in the air and dissipated without a fitting end. Different didn't seem to encompass the complexity of his character. "He's not as convoluted as you think," Theo said with a smirk. "You just said he was vague." "He's a lot of things. Not all of them are congruent, but that's why you're curious." Hermione froze, feeling hot and cold at the same time. "I'mÑ" "You are." She knew better than to argue. It wasn't like Theo was wrong, but hearing it out loud forced a swell of unidentifiableÉ strangeness to rise up in her. She did the only thing she knew to do. She ignored it. "Hermione, it's normal for someone like you to be curious about something you don't understand. Admittedly, not much falls outside the purview of your knowledge, so when something sparks, it catches fire and burns." Hermione said nothing. Theo smiled like he knew he was right. "Duality is something you find fascinating in theory because the idea of being two-fold appeals to your linear way of thinking, but you don't like it so much when you see it day after day in Draco." No, she didn't. Hermione was woman enough to admit thatÑbut only to herself. "He doesn't make sense because duality is not about only one thing or another. Completely good or bad. Right or wrong. It's more about the clash between a man's morality and will, and where on the spectrum he will find himself at the end of the battle." "Where did you end up?" Hermione asked. "Presumptuous of you to assume I have it all figured it out." "You don't?" She watched him examine the cactus as if there was some philosophical wisdom hidden between the spines. "You seem to have everyone else categorised in neat boxes." "And you don't?" Green eyes cut over to her. "Your world is segmented by the boxes you place everything in. My advice to you? Stop over-analysing the reasons why something won't fit in your neat little boxes and find a spot where it will." Everything about Roger's desk was still neat, tidy, and efficiently ordered, but the man himself looked tired. There were ink smudges on his finger that jittered like he hadn't had enough caffeineÉ or maybe too much. He was looking for something, body bent over, half visible from her spot across the desk as he swore quietly to himself. Roger's name had appeared on her Magi-Scheduler shortly after she had returned home from having dinner with Scorpius and Narcissa, who was nearly back to full-form. She was surprised by the abrupt request, but turned up to his office wondering just what he thought was important enough to request her after hours. "Ah, thank you for coming so late," Roger righted himself while placing a stack of files on his overly-clean desk. "I was wondering if you could spare some time to review these charts for me." She peered at the pile, counting at least forty charts stuffed with parchment. "Is this for your research?" "Not right now. There aren't enough subjects and we're stretched thin as it is." Which was true. "What does it pertain to?" "Narcissa Malfoy." Roger patted the stack of folders. "These are the files of American witches and wizards who have been diagnosed with her illness within the last five years. Some living, some not. Each one has a list of the patient's potions, and tracks everything up to their current state unless they've already succumbed to the disease. I also managed to obtain the notes regarding the experimental potion they're creating in hopes that it will slow the progression." Oh, so it was possible. Interest morbidly piquedÑhe was presenting her with a Gringotts vault of priceless informationÑHermione sat up straighter. Charles hadn't been willing to release patient files, as it violated their laws regarding privacy. "How did youÑ" "Called in a few favours. I've only been able to acquire the files of patients that have previously signed waivers. Perhaps these could help assist you with tracking her disease's progression." "That would be great." "Maybe you could join the research team. Head the research efforts. Maybe even come up with a better treatment that will slow it down." Hermione froze. "Is this a job offer?" Roger sat back in his chair, elbows on the arms. "It depends." "On what?" "Well, you would have to find a replacement to work with Narcissa Malfoy." Ah, there it was. "Does Theo know?" "No, I figured if you were interested, I would present my proposal to him." She did consider it. Really, she did. Her brain ran quickly through the positives, negatives, and neutrals. Narcissa and their contract. The time she needed. The progress and setbacks she had made. Would she be able to transition smoothly to another Healer? Would such a drastic change be conducive to Narcissa's health? Hermione didn't know. Besides, she'd just gotten Keating and Sachs on her side through sheer strength of will. Perhaps she would get Malfoy, as well. Only time would tell, but not if she turned her case over to another Healer. It would be unfair to throw someone else into their family dynamic. And then her argument shifted to a little nugget of truth in the corner. The idea of not seeing Scorpius anymoreÑjust when he was starting to trust herÑmade her insides twist. The amalgamation of each factor, each argument, success and failure, plus one nugget of truth, made her answer very clear. "I'll have to pass on that." "Oh?" Roger appeared flummoxed by her answer. "I thought you would at least take a few days to think about it. You don't strike me as the sort to make quick decisions." "I don't, but this is my answer. I'd still like to look through the files, if at all possible, and I think it's brilliant that you are looking to do research into her disease, but I can't abandon my patient." "Can't say that I didn't try." It was as though he had been expecting her response, at least in some capacity, as there was an understanding in his slow nod. "I've wanted you on the research side of the department for years now." "Perhaps one day." Roger's disbelief was clear, but he didn't have an opportunity to say anything else before the hospital alarms blared loudly in the silence and the lights in his office went from soft white to flashing blue. They were about to get an influx of patients. They jolted out their chairs. Roger grabbed his vial holster and wand. Hermione cringed. Not only was she too far from her office to grab her own gear, she wasn't properly dressed to triage incoming patients in her jeans and orange shirt either. She followed Roger out anyway. It didn't take long for them to find the chaos in the hospital's waiting area. Blessedly, they weren't the first Healers on the scene. It was as if every Healer in the building had descended on the area. Padma was already in action, blood on her robes unnoticed as she performed Healing Charms on a sooty Auror who was gushing from an open wound on his leg. They were all covered in soot and coughing. Hermione's pulse set a frenzied beat while time slowed. Realisation caused panic to flare deep in her gut. The raid. And by the looks of it, by the dozens of injured, bleeding Aurors and Task Force membersÉ it hadn't gone to plan. Immediately, she struggled against the mounting sense of dread, trying desperately to maintain her logic and professional calm. Harry was fine. He was always fine. He had to be fine. He also had no reason to be in trouble. Right. When Padma spotted them surveying the area, she ran over to catch them up. "Looks like a raid went tits up. A Death Eater cast Fiendfyre. The entire Manor went up in flames. Surprisingly, no deaths." Hermione exhaled her relief. "Forty injured, but almost all of them only have smoke in their lungs. We're triaging down here and taking the more seriously injured to our floor, where we've got the most beds. " She pointed in a general area. "Hermione, start over there. Roger, assist with transport." Hermione barely waited for her to finish before she took off running towards the commotion, searching for a familiar dark head, even as she fell into emergency protocol. Whatever happened had been ugly. A battle she hadn't heard the likes of since the Battle of Malfoy Manor. The information she had gathered from scattered conversations was slightly promising, but mostly grim. Despite appearing like an obvious failure with all the injuries, the raid had been a successÑ well, in the sense that nobody had died. The Fiendfyre hadn't been cast until the Death Eaters had started losing ground, but it had spread swiftly. In a roar that had apparently looked like a python, it brought back chilling memories of her own experience with flames determined to snuff out all life. Everyone had escaped by Disapparating, but Hermione recalled the plan had a lot to do with setting up wards to prevent ApparitionÑin or out. What happened? The answer would have to wait. For now, everything was all a blur of single-minded focus and activity. She went from patient to patient to patient, losing all sense of time and space. More than cuts and bruises, there were patients who were hexed and cursedÑall unconscious despite reviving spells and potions. They would need beds. Others had broken bones and mangled limbs that would take ages to heal. Burns ranged from minor to horrific. After what felt like hours, four vials of dittany, and every pain potion and Calming Draught she had in her beaded bag, Hermione finished with the last patient. She caught sight of other Healers looking around for any additional patients, but she was pretty certain she was the only one looking for a particular person. That she hadn't found. Hermione assisted two Mediwitches with delivering the last of the critically injuredÑan unconscious Task Force member with a suspicious bite mark on his neck and arm. Only then did she realise they had merely transferred the chaos from one part of the hospital to another. The hall was lined on both sides with floating gurneys, all of which were filled. Healers and Mediwitches were buzzing from patient to patient in a cacophony of noises that ranged from barking orders to general chatter. Organised disorder appeared to work for them. A Mediwitch was there to accept the patient while Hermione recited his injuries and diagnoses. The harried witch nodded with understanding. "He's my fourth one with extensive bite marks. Human bite marks." Which was alarming, but also confirmation that all the inner circle of Death Eaters had been there, including a deranged Greyback. The night before a full moon. He must have been indescribably bloodthirsty. She shuddered at the thought and at what his victims had experienced and everyone else had witnessed. "How bad?" "They'll survive." Her wince told the story. "Barely." Hermione allowed the Mediwitch to take charge, continuing on and doing what she could as she made her way down the hall and used the last of her dittany on several patients. It wouldn't completely heal them, but it would make things marginally better until they could be healed properly. Curiously, at the end of the hall, there was a small gathering of Healers, Medwitches, and various patients that had already been healed. They were whispering back and forth to each other when Hermione slipped through the group. She spotted Susan in a chair outside a room. The door was shut but it couldn't block out the shouts from within. "I didn't make a mistake! I did what I thought was right!" Harry. He must have slipped past in the chaos. She was happy to hear him, even though he sounded angry. "And it would have worked had they not started the fire! Maybe if youÑ" "Don't try to turn this around on me. I wasn't the one that fucked up, Potter!" Malfoy. "How long?" Hermione asked Susan, thumbing in the direction of the shut door, where the two men were now shouting over each other in a deafening display. "Not long. I was assigned to patch Harry up. He's got a head laceration and bruised ribs." "Okay." Wait. They weren't supposed to be part of the fight. "Before I could do anything, Malfoy stormed in, told me to get the fuck out, and then shut the door. They've been yelling ever since. I would have cast a Muffliato, butÑ" Susan shrugged with a wince. Probably best that she didn't if someone needed to intervene. "I also would have broken it up, but that"Ñshe gesticulated in their general direction, their voices clashing together like a wall of soundÑ"is above my pay grade." Fair, but it wasn't above hers. At best, them screaming at each other was confirmation that neither were incapacitated. Oh, and that homicide hadn't been committed. Yet. At worst, wellÑHermione thought it best not to consider worst-case scenarios. She glanced over her shoulder at the mounting audience of worn Aurors and Task Force members. "I'm certain you all have better things to do right now. Go home. There will likely be a debrief in the morning." She didn't wait for an answer before turning and setting a charm that silenced the rapidly devolving argument. Multiple footsteps scattered in all available directions. Good. Hermione put her hand on the knob and took a breath. Before she opened it, Susan asked, "How long before you want me to come in?" "Five minutes." That was an awfully bold assumption, they both knew, but nothing beat a failure but trying. "Then come in and finish healing Harry." "Malfoy's going to need one, too." "Come again?" "His arm is in rough shape. Possibly dislocated. Possibly broken. I haven't been able to examine it to know for sure." Hermione kept that in mind when she entered the room, eyes immediately landing on her current headache: Harry in Auror robes and Malfoy in his standard black. Neither fit the image of someone who should have been at a raid. She tried to figure out what they were saying, but they were both dirty, sweaty, and yelling furious, unintelligible words. It took Hermione back to Fifth Year quidditch before the fists started flying. After a quick visual sweep of them bothÑnoting the blood on Harry's face and the way Malfoy was holding his armÑshe physically inserted herself between the two worked up men and pushed them apart. "That's enough!" Hermione yelled over them both. When Harry tried to argue, she grabbed the front of his Auror robes. "Enough," she repeated fiercely before whipping her head to Malfoy, blocking his attempt to yell over her by spreading her hand on his chest. She felt heat coming off Malfoy, not Harry, but they both smelled like smoke and fire. There was a rigid, cruel set in Malfoy's jaw, an almost dangerous energy about him that put her on edge. But she wasn't scared. "GrangerÉ" His voice was a low, measured warning; the result of either extreme anger or perfect self-control. The way his heart pounded under her hand didn't provide any clarity. "Enough," she repeated a little softer. Malfoy grabbed her wrist with his uninjured hand, forcing it into the space between them. A scowl marred his soot-streaked face. In direct contrast with his eyes, his hand was warm and dry as he gripped her wrist like a flesh covered vice. He let go after they both glanced down, then back at each other. Hermione switched back to Harry, who was curiously confused. "I don't know what happened tonight, or what went wrong during the raid, but you're both leadersÑnot children." Hermione's words were calm and even, strengthened by the cool steel in her voice. "It's bad enough your teams heard you fighting. This isn't the place, nor is it the time to blame each other for what happened. There are injured people out there who need you both to lead." Harry was the first to speak. "IÑforgot to set the charm." "Yes, you both did." She glimpsed over at the seemingly unrepentant Draco Malfoy. With a roll of her eyes, Hermione returned her attention to the easier of the two: her best friend. Harry's temper, unfortunately, was trying to flare back to life in response to Malfoy's nonchalance, but she swiftly cut him down, in a practised move that silenced him, with an audible clack of teeth. Perfect. "What happened?". "Yes, Potter," Malfoy sneered with the utmost disdain. From the corner of her eye, she could see the vein on his neck becoming more prominent. "Tell her what happened." Before Harry's indignation rose beyond his control and he started slinging verbal mud, Hermione snapped her fingers in front of Harry's face. "Focus on me. Not him." It worked. Sort of. Harry pinched the bridge of his nose only to wince in pain. Probably broken. Quick fix. "One of the newbies tripped the wards before the Ward Specialist could take them down, which not only alerted them to our presence, but made it impossible for us to properly set up anti-Apparition wards. Goldstein told us to call it off, but IÑ" "Because it was compromised and like the recklessÑ" "No." Hermione pushed against Malfoy's chest, raising her eyes to meet his with a critical but composed look. "Let him finish, Draco." As soon as the word was out, they both froze. A priceless combination of disbelief and surprise forced Malfoy to take a step back, still guarding his arm. Something was seriously wrong with his shoulder, not that it mattered with the intense way he surveyed her, eyes travelling to her hand and back up. There was an inexplicable shift in his energy. Though not menacing, his eyes were sharp enough to cut diamonds. She inhaled and exhaled, lowered her hand, and turned her back to him, facing Harry, whose jaw was clenched tight until she nudged him. "Go on." "I didn't want to waste the opportunity, the time we'd spent training, so I didn't call it off when Goldstein said that we should," Harry said, arguing his point more to Malfoy standing behind her. "Who knows when we would have the opportunity again." Malfoy obviously disagreed. She couldn't see him, but she could feel his presenceÑvisceral and furious. "I know you're just waiting until the Death Eaters are captured to quit, so don't act like you wouldn't have done the same thing to quit earlier. Don't act like you wouldn't have made the call to continueÑ" "Of course I am," Malfoy seethed. "But I can't fucking quit if I'm dead, can I?" Harry's snort lacked humour. "You're a such aÑ" "I'm such a what?" Malfoy took an unconscious step, now pressed against Hermione's back. "The only thing I am is the person that saved your ungrateful arse." "I had it under control!" "Nothing about that raid was under control. If it weren't for me grabbing you when I DisapparatedÑyou're welcome for that, by the wayÑyou'd be burnt to a bloody crisp." As much as it pained her to disagree with Harry, it sounded really bad all around. "McNair and Rabastan are injured, we still captured nine Death Eaters and Jugson and Avery." Of course, Harry would find the bright spot among the darkness. "Outside of those two, the rest are low-level, none of the ones that matter." Namely his uncles. Or Greyback, The Carrows, and Rowle. "None of the ones that will cause a major shake-up in their organisation. The only thing tonight did was put a bigger target on our families' backs." He sounded incensed by that. Worried. And it brought forth the image of Scorpius. Oh. "They saw us both there, thanks to you charging in like the fucking hero you are." Hero sounded more like excrement on the sole of his shoe. "I was protecting my team and doing my job! I couldn't just sit back andÑ" "You were a distraction in a situation that was already a complete and utter shite show!" "And you weren't? As soon as you came in, theyÑ" Hermione tuned the rest out. She had heard enough to know that a resolution wouldn't be reached that night. Or at all. It was late and they both needed medical attention. The knock on the door was timed perfectly, but the person Hermione expected to see wasn't there. Theo entered the room, with Susan trailing behind him, smiling in a squirmy sort of way. "Uh, we were just checking." Susan waved awkwardly, dark hair falling over her shoulder. "Theo said he was here to heal Malfoy's shoulder." The two men exchanged a series of increasingly complicated expressions, which was a conversation as far as she was concerned. Malfoy stepped back and left without another word, passing both Theo and Susan. The former followed him out without a single word. It was such an odd exchange, but she was too tired to mull it over. Besides, Harry needed to be healed and sent home to his family. The fallout of tonight's raid would still be waiting for him in the morning. "I can heal Harry." Hermione patted the bag she had looped in her belt buckle at some point in the commotion. "Great, I'll find Roger and help him." The door shut behind Susan with a soft click. Now that they were alone, Harry deflated like a punctured balloon. Sitting on the bed, he scrubbed his face repeatedly, the stress rolling off him in waves. "He's right." "You shouldn't be so hard on yourself." "I really was reckless. I lost my mind for a minute." He shook his head, fixing his glasses, which were still dirty with soot. Just like him. "I should have listened, and because I didn't, I put everyone's lives at risk for my own selfish reasons." "I don't thinkÑ" "There was a Dark Mark over my house this afternoon when I got home." Hermione's heart sank. "What?" "The door was kicked in and the house was in shambles. Nothing taken, but they left a message on the walls. No one was home and I panicked." He looked close to tears. "I thought, I thoughtÉ" He thought that he was too late. Again. That his family was gone. Again. "They were at the Burrow the entire time, Molly was fitting James for his sweater. They're still at the Burrow now. Ginny didn't want the kids to see, but we're thinking of sending them off for the summer while we look for a new house. Bill offered to take them." She knew he didn't like itÑHermione didn't eitherÑbut it was a good idea. "You know I'm here if there's anything I can do. If you want them to come stayÑ" "I know, but your hands are full. I don't want to put them on you." "It's not an issue, Harry. You know how much I love them." "I know." Harry drew in a few breaths. "Ginny and I will think it over some more and let you know, okay?" That was fair enough. Hermione filled the silence that followed, not with words, but with actions. Diagnostic results appeared on the charmed parchment at his bedside. She didn't see any lingering effects from any spells he'd been hit with, so Hermione healed his broken nose with a wave of her wand, and dripped three drops of dittany on his head wound. He had a burn on the back of his hand that would need some extra work, but outside of the soot he was covered in, the stress of his job, the consequences of an awful raid, and the weighty concern for his family, Harry was fine. That would have to do for now. "Tonight wasn't about me being a hero. None of this is. I took this job knowing I'd be working with Malfoy on this and I justÑ" Harry exhaled his brittle frustration. "It's always been about eliminating the threat against my family. The threat against us all. It's exhausting looking over my shoulder, wondering when and where they'll turn up. I hate that I have to teach my kids how to fight and tell them what to do if they're attacked. I hate that they have bodyguards watching their schools. I had the opportunity tonight to end it once and for all andÉ Well, after this afternoon, I was acting on fear andÑ" Harry ran a hand through his hair. "It wasn't the smartest idea I've ever had, but if Malfoy were in my shoes, I'm certain he would have done the same thing." Hermione thought about his security measures and wards. The rules and guidelines for those who entered his home. The background searches. His paranoia. The fact that Malfoy picked up an entire career just so he wouldn't be at the mercy of those who didn't give a damn about what happened to any member of his familyÉ "Harry, how do you know he isn't?" Hermione excused herself from Harry's room when Hestia turned up and requested his side of events with a grimace. She'd already spoken to Malfoy. Hermione could only imagine how that conversation had gone. It was hard to gauge the time, but the halls were empty, and the earlier chaos had settled. It didn't look like she would be needed so Hermione started for the Floo. Pausing mid-step, she rerouted with a new destination in mind. Theo's office door was open. He wasn't there, but Malfoy was. Standing in front of the fireplace, arms folded, he stared at nothing. He was striking. Imposing. The fury that had been pouring from him earlier was now muted. Caged. And because Hermione had no interest in waking it up again, she knocked. "There's no need toÑ" His face shifted from exasperation to irritation when he saw her. "What do you want?" "I came by to see if Theo needed a hand healing your shoulder." Malfoy rolled his once injured shoulder. "As you can see, I'm fine." There was a slight hesitation in his movement, a stiff grimace that spoke of the pain. Given his continued discomfort, his shoulder injury couldn't be new. "I can give you something for the pain." Digging into her bag, Hermione was determined to do just that. She crossed the room until she was standing in front of him, and offered him the vial. "I don't need it." Malfoy fixed his cuff. "I need to go home and reinforce security measures over my home due to Potter's ineptitude. I advise that you do the same." "Harry's hÑ" "You're not a mediator tonight, Granger, so if that's your reason for coming here, don't bother wasting your breath." "It's not, but for what it's worth, thanks for saving him." She placed the pain potion vial on the mantle and turned, intent to leave him to his thoughts with two parting words: "Take it." From the doorway, Hermione watched as Malfoy picked up the vial, examined it closely, and slipped it into his pocket. The primary paradox that man is superior to all the things around him and yet is at their mercy. G.K. Chesterton Chapter End Notes A/N: Here it is - the long anticipated playdate (of sorts). Idk if I mentioned a part where I cried like a baby while writing...well it was when Scorpius pretty much witnessed Narcissa's incident. *chokes back a sob* because my heart hurt the whole time. And then it recovered when she took Narcissa to task in his defense. Also ouch that raid. The dichotomy of man talk is one I've waited MONTHS to post. Embedded art by Jaxx-in-a-box [ Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Art for this chapter: Albus Potter & Scorpius Malfoy Holding Hands by bookloverdream-blessedindeed & Hermione Hugging Scorp by hoffnungsclaws Chapter15: TheGreat Divide Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Fifteen The Great Divide June 15, 2011 It was after two when Hermione closed her eyes, but sleep did not come willingly. Or at all. Insomnia wasn't a battle Hermione fought often, but she was stressed about a host of things that were coming into focus. It had to manifest somehow. Odd how clearly she could see things from a different angle in the haze of lucid exhaustion. How everything became vibrant and loud. Hermione opened her window to lull her senses, trying to listen to the sounds of the night: the distant animal noises, the crickets, the breeze. But nothing worked. Her wards notified her of an arrival via Apparition. Ron. He was here for all the reasons she was still awake, sitting at the kitchen island in pyjamas. He was waiting for her with his own sleep aid: brandy. She sat down and he poured them both a glass before nudging one over to her. "You know I don't like brandy." Ron shrugged and drank his in a single gulp, then hers. It was going to be one of those nights. She got up and prepared the nightcap of her choice: wine. Particularly, Pinot Noir. It was already open anyway. Time was a series of moments that passed them by. She and Ron used each wisely by drinking in silence. They simply existed together. After finishing her first, she indulged in a second glass. It was strangely comfortable, the air pleasant in a way thatÑfor onceÑwasn't weighed down by their history of mistakes. Hermione found she didn't want the moment to end. Not for any sentimental reason, but if they were silent, they weren't fighting. Thousands of harsh words, slammed doors, unloved moments, and heartacheÑHermione hated each one. She didn't love him, no, but that didn't mean she didn't care. And he was here for a reason. It didn't take long for the wine to take hold as warmth flooded her veins. "Let's sit outside." She didn't wait for Ron to agree, knowing he would follow. Leaving his drink behind along with her wine, Ron was one step behind her until they reached the magical swing that hung from nothing. He settled on one end, and Hermione on the other. The space between them was small yet vast. Their presence triggered the orbs hovering over the garden to glow, providing all the light they needed, which wasn't much, just enough to see Ron's pale features in the darkness. "Why are you here?" Hermione asked. "I just left the Burrow." Ron stretched an arm across the back of the swing, looking out over the garden. "Harry just got back before I came through. He told me what happened at the raid, and combined with what happened at their house, I justÉ" Ron stared in the distance at nothing as the swing took them high enough for his feet to dangle. "Have you seen the kids? How are they?" "They don't know anything. Ginny and Harry think it's best we keep it like that." That made sense. "And Ginny?" He gave her a critical look; they both knew how Ginny was: not good, but keeping it together for her family. A coping mechanism she'd inherited from Molly. "How are you, Hermione?" "Fine." Hermione looked heavenward only to be disappointed by the clouds that covered the stars. Even the full moon was barely visible. There was a cool, humid breeze in the air indicative of rain. "And you? Couldn't sleep?" "Yeah." Ron rubbed the back of his head. "Too much on my mind. Thought you might be in the same mood." "What's on your mind?" She knew Ron well enough to know when he was thinking serious and meaningful thoughts. His face went uncomfortably rigid and his jaw worked in such a way that made her think he was reciting words without moving his lips. "I was just thinkingÉ between the missing Auror that turned up over here and what happened at Harry and Ginny's, it's not good for you to be alone." "I corrected the diversion wards and my protection wards weren't breached in the incident. They're strong." Stronger than Harry's, if she were being honest, not that he could do much about it. The strength of her wards interfered with some of the more important things in her friend's home: the kids' electronics, which were more than necessary to keep the peace. "Yes, but they might know where you are. Or have a better idea of the area. They practically sent a prisoner to tell you this, Hermione. How are you not worried?" "I am worried, but I refuse to live in fear. I'm doing what I can to protect myself and my home." Ron shifted on the swing, bending his knee in the space between them. "I live in the city, I can blend in, but you practically live in isolation. If anything were to happenÑ" "I'll call for help just like I did last time. I'm not defenceless, Ron." "HermioneÉ" His sigh was full of disappointment. "What?" Ron's impatience was palpable. "Tonight's the full moon. Do I need to remind you that Greyback is out there? He's been after you sinceÑ" "I don't need the reminder." His monthly howls served as enough of a reminder that he was waiting. Always waiting. "I'm well aware of the threat he poses. But if you must know, Pansy yelled her way into forcing me to spend the night at her flat once we leave from visiting Dean, Daphne, and Halia." "At least someone's talked some sense into you, but what about the rest of the time? I can stay in the guest room. Just until things cool down." "I like that idea even less." "I know what you're thinking, but it's not like that. I'm really worried about your safety. I know your wards are strong, but what ifÑ" He made a frustrated noise. "Harry's house was warded, too, and look what happened. He thinks they were followed at some point, that they're still being watched. It'll only get worse until they're all captured." "I can handle it." Hermione bunched up the sleeves of her oversized shirt and folded her arms. "Just like always, you're too dependent on yourself and too prideful to ask for help." Ron scoffed and rolled his eyes, anger and discontent rolling off him in tangible surges. "You've always been tooÑ" "I'll ask for help when I need it." Hermione said coldly "That's bullshit and you know it." His voice sounded like Vesuvius getting ready for a day's work. "Not once did you ask for help before your seizureÑ" "I'm not arguing anymore about this." The beginnings of a headache were forming. She had no idea if it was due to the wine or the argument. Maybe both. "I understand where you're coming from, but I don't need you to stay here. You of all people should know I'm capable of defending myself." The heart of their persistent tension had been unmasked with her statement, and though the wine encouraged them to cling to the fragile peace they'd found, it wouldn't be enough to keep one of them from storming off. As per usual. Like air itself, which was never quite still, the silence was turbulent, with patches of resistance and pockets of attenuation. Hermione struggled against the old habit of apologising, even though she wasn't sure what for. For her independence? Her refusal to see his way? Or the fact that she didn't need him? Ron started chuckling in a throaty tone that sounded quite Hermione-oriented: a mix of exasperation, futility, and resentment with a bit of why the fuck am I doing this? thrown in sparingly for luck. "I spent a lot of time thinking about what you said a few weeks agoÑabout loving you correctly. And I've been doing what I thought you wanted: giving you space. But it's pointless. How can I give you what you want when you don't know what that is? It's impossible and frustrating." "You've missed the point." Hermione looked out into the darkness. "It's not about giving me what I want. I wasn't looking for you to stress yourself out trying. I just wanted you to understand that we don't understand each other in that capacity, so we can't love each other correctly. I will never be what you truly want and youÑ" She shook her head. "You're always talking about what I want when you've got no idea." "Ron, why do you want me? Tell me." "IÑ" His face cycled through a range of emotions. "I don't know." June 16, 2011 Family gatherings at the Burrow were always a memorable affair. The Weasleys were a large family already, but with the addition of partners and spouses, friends of the family, and three grandchildren under the age of eight currently in attendance, lively was an inadequate way to describe the evening. More like loud and boisterous. Hermione enjoyed the company, the sense of being part of a family that was as nurturing as it was inclusive. She didn't have siblings, but the idea of a large family was something she was drawn to. Perhaps in another life. Molly had outdone herself. She made everyone's favourites for tonight's special occasion. Harry and Ginny were sending the kids to Shell Cottage tomorrow morning. The mystery of how their home had been found was something the four had spent the hour before dinner speculating about while the kids played behind the Burrow, but they had come up with nothing outside of the possibility that any one of them were being tracked or followed home while taking the children to and from school. Ron had offered up Draco Malfoy to blame, for old time's sake, but Harry, in a move that surprised both her and his past self, had disregarded the idea. Joke or not. "Malfoy is a lot of things, but he isn't outright evil." Ginny kicked Ron in the shin when he snorted. "Grow up, Ron." Hermione put aside her thoughts during dinner, but was distracted by Molly, who looked more at peace than she had ever seen. Something would always be missingÑnot just Fred, but today also Charlie, Bill, and his familyÑbut Molly chose to focus on those who were present. As long as everyone was happy, safe, and fed, the Weasley matriarch was content. Luna was in attendance, talking to Arthur with a serene smile about her travels. Neville sat next to her, a casual arm slung over the back of her chair. He always looked proud of her, only interrupting to remind Luna about something else she'd accomplished. George had brought Angelina, who was home for the week. He seemed happy when in the shop or around his family and friends, but never more so than when she was at his side. George was smiling, poking fun at Percy as he was wont to do, about a topic Hermione couldn't hear. Percy remained unmoved, but his ears were pink. Angelina looked fondly amused. Ginny went back and forth from chatting with her, Harry, and Ron to glaring daggers when one of her three kids complained about the other. That time, the victim was James, who was sitting on the other side of Harry, whinging about Lily breathing too hard. "Do I need to pull out the 'Get Along' shirt?" "No, Mum." James sulked, huffing hard enough for his hair to fly up. Lily smiled innocently with all teethÑso precocious, just like her mother. And Al, who had wormed his way into the chair next to Hermione, stuffed so much food into his mouth that his cheeks bulged. Harry chuckled, but she couldn't tell which sight amused him more. Probably all of it. He left the more tough love to Ginny. With a mother like Molly Weasley, she was far better at it anyway. "I swear, every day you get more and more like mum." Ron laughed. "It's scary. I don't know how you do it." "It's a talent." With a wave of her hand, Ginny cleaned the gravy that had spilled on Lily's lime green shirt for the third time. "As well as a necessity." She wasn't looking in Al's direction, but still told him, "It's not running away, love. Take your time." Al blushed and Hermione ruffled his hair fondly. He would have smiled if his cheeks allowed it. The rest of dinner passed in a normal mixture of good food and steady conversation. Just after dark, the kids asked to go back outside to catch fireflies. Luna and Neville went along with Harry, George, and Ron. Ginny shooed her mother out of the kitchen before she set about cleaning everything up. Angelina helped while Hermione put on a kettle to share after they finished. "Have you told the kids that they're leaving tomorrow?" Angelina asked. "Not yet." Ginny ran a hand through her hair. "When they're done playing Harry and I will tell them. James and Lily will be ecstatic, but I worry about Al." She always worried about him; Hermione did as well. "I can stay and be here when you tell them." "Thanks. Al's done nothing except ask when he can play with Scorpius again and I justÉ" Ginny sighed under the weight of their circumstances on her shoulders. "I don't know what to tell him." A heavy silence fell in the room. Ginny resumed spelling the dishes back into the cupboard. "Do you and Harry need any help sorting through everything?" "Probably. It's just been cleared by the Curse-Breakers this morning. They didn't find anything dangerous, except the message on the wall. We're going to spend a few days with Bill and Fleur when we deliver the children, but we'll be back Monday afternoon. Percy, Ron, and Neville are coming over then to help. Dean offered, but we told him to stay home with Daphne and Halia." "I really need to visit them," Angelina said. "I can't believe we were all wrong about her having a girl. Luna will never let us live it down." She and Ginny both chuckled. No, she wouldn't. "I'll come over," Hermione offered. "And I'll bring Pansy, who'll help you get your house together to sell. She's already agreed." Ginny smiled graciously, obviously unsettled by the entire ordeal, but determined to keep a brave face for her children. And for Harry, who quietly took things hard. She would never talk about it with Hermione, that wasn't her way, but Hermione was comforted by the knowledge that Ginny would share her feelings with Harry. They were good for each other in that way. "George and I will, too." Angelina used her wand to put away the rest of the place settings. "No, you two haven't seen each other in nearly a month. We donÑ" "We'll be there." Hermione was the first to the table, pouring the three of them tea, but Angelina soon followed. They weren't particularly close, but they shared non-traditional views about a woman's place in wizarding society, similar musical taste, and a close bond with the Weasley family, which was as solid of a foundation as they needed. "How's life travelling the world?" Angelina smiled. "About as good as ever, but I'm happy to be back. Even if it's just for the week." "George is certainly happy to see you." "He's beenÉ different these last months. Wants to make a real go at it." Ginny joined the conversation, sitting next to Angelina, eyes sparkling. "You meanÑ" "Maybe." She shrugged, trying and failing to suppress her smile. "We're talking about it." Hermione clapped, grinning in excitement. Ginny was so thrilled by the prospect she squealed and flung her arms around Angelina, who rolled her eyes, but accepted the hug. "It's not written in stone." "Don't care!" Ginny said. "This is exciting and just the distraction I need. I've only been waiting for this moment for over ten years!" "We have a lot to work out." Angelina's smile was hesitant. "Like our careers, for one. I'm not ready to retire, and George would never ask me to, but I know we both need more than a week or so every month. I'm still trying to contend with the idea of actually wanting a family and a career, but I do." Her laugh was slightly hysterical. "I want it all." "Who says you can't have it?" Hermione asked. "Who says you have to choose? I think it's about finding balance in life, the right mix of the two that will make you happy." "I agree." Ginny gave Angelina a light squeeze. "I could have played another ten years, and Harry would have one hundred percent supported me. He brought the boys to the games, and I came home every chance I got, butÉ When Lily was born, I justÑI felt like it was the right time to retire. Then the Prophet called and I didn't hesitate. Talk it over with George, and once you make a decision, it'll be one that works for you." Angelina drank her tea, eyes lowered thoughtfully. Ginny stirred her teaspoon with a circular motion of her finger. It wasn't long before the conversation restarted with a different subject. Her. "So, HermioneÉ" Angelina's smirk turned coy. She didn't like where this was going. "UmÉ" "Just curious how things are going with you. Catch me up. I hear you're working for Narcissa Malfoy. How's that?" "It'sÉ interesting." "Is Draco Malfoy still a poncy git?" Angelina asked. "You know, I'd just like to point out that it literally isn't fair how bloody attractive he is now. Whenever his pictures are in Witch Weekly, my team is practically reduced to thirsty Fourth Years. I have to remind them he was the absolute worst in school. Yet, every society family is hoping he picks one of their daughters to marry. Some people have all the luck." "Malfoy was pretty foul then, but now he'sÉ interesting." In the same way a well-executed novel could break every known writing rule. Their reactions varied from fascinated (Angelina) to curiously suspicious (Ginny). Neither made her comfortable. Hermione looked at the doorway while calculating the chances of making it through should she decide to tactfully retreat. Her versus a mother of three small children and a Quidditch player? Her chances weren't good. Where did that urge come from? She had no reason to hide, but a tempest of jittery energy was trapped in her body with nowhere to go. "Does he still treat everyone beneath him like the scourge of the earth?" Restlessness settled in her bonesÑone she could easily blame on being tired, but she knew that wasn't true. "Well?" Ginny leaned forward on her elbows, resting her chin on her closed fist. She was waiting. Patiently. More than that, Ginny had the look of someone who was investigating. Hermione didn't like the expression at all, and her face warmed even as she rolled her shoulders in a bland shrug. "He's not around much, always either at work or locked in his office, so we don't talk a lot." The statement toed the line between true and false, but Hermione didn't feel comfortable opening the curtains for them to see the tentative dynamic they'd found. "He can be every bit the arse he was, but he hasn't called me any derogatory terms." Or even so much as slipped up and nearly said anything offensive. "But his mother is my assignment." "I've read her book out of curiosity, but how is she really?" Angelina seemed genuinely curious. "A gem, I'm sure." "Oh, absolutely." Hermione barked out a laugh. "We've had a few hiccups, but I think we're finally finding common ground." Mostly. Tonight Narcissa had been invited to another event. Hermione originally planned to attend, but it was more important to see the children off. Malfoy would be there, though he had only given a noncommittal look over the rim of his glasses at her request to keep note of any symptoms. Sachs would be in attendance should anything happen. Ginny made a chuffed noise. "From what Harry's told meÑwell, he made it sound like you and Malfoy interacted more. You brought him lunch." "I had extras." "Pansy told me that you have tea with him nearly every day." "Hard not to since we're both in the kitchen every morning." "And conversations?" "We talk." Hermione really wished everyone would mind their business. Ginny gave her a probing look. "Harry thinks Malfoy has built up a reluctant respect for you." "I doubt respect is an accurate term for it." Angelina's brow arched, but she said nothing. "MaybeÉ" Ginny sat back in her chair, arms folded as she studied Hermione. "But according to Harry, he listens to you. He saw you two talking when you found the Auror outside your wards. And you helped plan the raidÑmore than once. Before you came along they hadn't been able to finish a planning session without arguing." "They're both ridiculous and bring out the adolescent in one another. I happen to be quite the mediator." "I can just imagine how well that went." Angelina snorted. "Stepping between years of animosity is a tall order, one you can only fulfil if you understand both sides." "Harry, I understand quite clearly." Hermione laughed. "MalfoyÉ is an enigma wrapped up in a contradiction, dressed all black, and smothered in inherited wealth." "That soundsÉ complicated." Ginny burst out laughing. "It's accurate, though. I think Harry's pretty flummoxed by Malfoy as well. Especially after what happened this afternoon." Now it was Hermione's turn to perk with interest. Ginny indulged her. "Somehow, he found out what happenedÑprobably from PansyÑand he made a Floo call to ask after the children." She looked surprised by the words coming out of her own mouth. That made two of them. "Sorry what?" Her shrug was open handed and exaggerated. "I mean he didn't ask about me or Harry, of course, but wanted to know if the kids were okayÑ" "Appears Tin Man has a heart, after all." Angelina laughed at her own joke. Ginny joined in, but Hermione was too deep in thought about the meaning lurking underneath Malfoy's actions. "I suppose that's possible," Hermione said. "He is a father. He would understand what Harry's going through." "Poor kid." Angelina shook her head. "With Malfoy as a father, who knows how he'll turn out." "ActuallyÉ" She trailed off with a fond shake of her head at the vision of Scorpius. The way he would smile, but only if no one else was around. The way he curiously looked at the thyme she'd brought him yesterday. "His son is much different." "Oh?" "True." A bittersweet smirk played on Ginny's lips. "Albus hasn't stopped talking about showing him the chickens." "How is he different?" Angelina asked. "Scorpius has a kind heart." Hermione lowered her eyes to her teacup. "He's got almost all of Malfoy's mannerisms. Honestly, it's hilarious. He can be stubborn, and too observant, but he's smart and curious. He loves plants and honey. When he learns to read well, he'llÑ" Someone cleared their throat and she jerked her head up to find two sets of eyes watching her with matching looks of interest. "What?" Ginny and Angelina exchanged glances. The latter made an embellished gesture, which made the former turn back to Hermione. "You're attached." "Hardcore," Angelina added unhelpfully. "I am, but it's not like I planned it. He's justÉ" Hermione looked around before settling on a word. "Good. And he's had it rough since his mother died. He stopped talking and he's justÑ he's so lonely it hurts." Angelina frowned. "So, you pity him?" "No, he doesn't need that. I see the good in him. I see everything he could be." Without the darkness surrounding his surname, the strict tutelage of his grandmother, and the strange detachment from his father, who only expressed his affection in words Scorpius couldn't read. In a tattoo he kept secret. The thoughts and pain her growing sentiment for Scorpius sparked made her stomach twist. Angelina leaned back in her chair, looking across the table at her like she would a lost cause. "I'd tell you not to get in too deep, but you're already there." That she was. The three made their way outside not long after. Hermione and Ginny spread out a picnic blanket to watch Luna and Neville teach Al and JamesÑand Harry, who was playing alongÑthe best way to catch fireflies in the dying light. The moment Lily spotted them sitting, she toddled over, declared that she was tired, curled up in Hermione's lap, and fell asleep. Angelina joined George, Percy, and Ron nearby. Their laughter rang out every now and then. Not long after she joined, the group disbanded. Percy left with a wave, after dropping a kiss on Lily's head and giving the boys long hugs. Ron joined the firefly hunt, while George and Angelina enjoyed their time together, smiling and talking. Ginny remained by her side in the slowly progressing evening, watching her boys enjoy their last night with her. Hermione rested her head on her friend's shoulder in a moment of solidarity, and then support, while Ginny shed quiet tears as she brushed Lily's hair out her face. Hermione offered no words of comfort. There were none. Even after her tears subsided, Hermione kept her head where it was. The sun had set in the west, its rays added a tinge of red to the clouds hanging in the north. The days were getting longer, a sign of the upcoming equinox. A change in seasons. The perfect time to reflect on all the changes spring had brought. "I should take her to bed." Ginny nodded down at Lily. "Probably." The transfer was smooth, and Lily only groaned and blinked in confusion before falling back to sleep in her mother's arms. Ginny carried her inside and Hermione watched them go, then sat alone until Neville jogged over to join her. "How's the firefly catching?" "They've caught some," Neville replied with a smile. "But then they released them because they just wanted to say hi." Hermione shook her head with warm affection. James was showing one to his dad and uncle before he released it. Harry watched in exaggerated wonder while Ron suppressed his amusement. Luna was on her knees talking to Al with her arm around his small shoulders. He was smiling shyly, momentarily fascinated by her tree earrings that flashed like a beacon in the dying daylight. Luna pointed to a firefly for Al to greet, and with her encouragement, he did just that. It was quite the sight to behold, yet Hermione couldn't stop her mind from wandering back to Scorpius. Images sprang forth in a picture book she couldn't close. But she didn't want to. Scorpius in knee-deep grass picking wildflowers with all three of Harry's kids. Smiling openly without hesitation. Hiding nothing. Basking in the sun's warmth. Curiously exploring Molly's vegetable patch. Chasing the gnomes. He would love it there. "Kingsley's flower garden is almost complete." Hermione blinked away the thoughts and made a small noise of interest at Neville's information. She'd been so busy since introducing the project to Neville that she hadn't had a moment to ask about it. Much less think about it. "Oh, that's excellent." She reminded herself to schedule a visit. "How is Kingsley?" "Still giving off the retired old beekeeper vibes that I'm not buying." They both exchanged knowing looks. Hermione wasn't buying it either. No matter what he said. There was growing unrest, and she knew Percy was working in his spare time, hunting for the right obscure law to dismantle the Wizengamot's oligarchy. "How are the summer crops?" Neville changed the subject. "Most of them are almost ready for harvest. By the way, Narcissa Malfoy wants to give you a lesson in pruning mundane plants." Neville's eyebrows rose. "There's a story here, I'm sure of it." "There is." Hermione laughed. "She gave me an entire lesson on the difference between magical and mundane plants while calling my pruning effortsÑand yours, by extensionÑ butchering." "The fact that Narcissa Malfoy was in your vegetable garden is surreal. Next you'll tell me Draco Malfoy has tea with you." She swallowed thickly, cringing. "WellÉ" Neville's bushy eyebrows all but vanished into his hair. "Never a dull day, sounds like." An understatement. He quieted for a minute as they both enjoyed the peaceful sights surrounding them. With their individual workÑher patients and his Herbology studentsÑthey never had much time to enjoy each other's company outside of him helping her plant for the next season. "I know you've been busy, but you're taking care of yourself, right?" Neville glanced over at her as he made himself more comfortable by raising his knees and leaning back on his palms. "I know how you work when you have a patientÑor even when you don't." She smacked his arm which made him smirk. "How long is your assignment with Narcissa Malfoy?" "For the foreseeable future." Hermione laid back on the blanket, folding her hands behind her head. "I am taking care of myself, by the way. You're not the only one asking but I'm quite capable." Hermione heard the tinge of annoyance in her own voice and bit her lip in apology. "I didn't mean that." Neville waved her off, then scooted, adjusting so he could easily lie next to her. "You know we ask because we care. That's what friends do. You might not remember what happened, but we all do. It's fresh in our minds, even though it happened years ago. So, we're going to ask and keep asking if it means we don't have to experience that again." To lighten the heaviness of his statement, Hermione mock saluted him, and when they finished laughing, she turned her head towards him, watching him observe the sky. "You know I appreciate you all," Hermione said. "For everything. It's justÉ" "You don't like feeling exposed and that entire situation makes you feel just that?" "Simply put, but yes." "Vulnerability is not only inevitable, it's essential. It doesn't care who or where you are in life." Neville shifted on the blanket next to her. "You're good at your job, especially with the patients that struggle the most when they first come into your care. I've always wondered how you gain their trust when you're a closed book. You manage to peel back their layers like an onion, find what's damaged, fix it, and close them up so they can finish healing themselves. And you manage to do all that while not showing much of who you are or sharing your own struggles." "It's my job to help them, not the other way around. I don't dump my weight on their shoulders." "People relate betterÑnot only when they walk in another person's shoes, but also when they know they aren't alone in their struggles. Theirs may be different from yours, but it reminds them that you're human, too." "I know." "But you don't apply that method to your patients, nor in any other aspect of your life." "I feel a lecture coming." Hermione sighed. "Can I ask what I've done to warrant this?" "No reason. And it's not a lecture, just an observation I'm making after talking to Ron. I do agree with what you said to him. He's looking around now that all of us are settling down and he's in a bit of a panic, which is why he's turned back to you, even though it didn't work the first time." "Exactly what IÑ" "But it makes me wonderÉ" Neville looked at her curiously. "It's not Ron. That's your choice. And you say you're happy as you are, but how do you know for sure?" All the arguments and points that sprung forth in her mind justÉ stopped. "How do you know when you won't open yourself up to the possibility of something differentÑmaybe even something better." Hermione laughed at herself to ease the heaviness forming in her chest. "I think I can safely say I've circled the drain enough to know my options." "Have you?" Neville lowered both his hand and his voice. "Isn't it lonely when you've got no one to tend to you." Neville's words landed a little too close for comfort. "I'm not that lonelyÑI have you all as my friends." "You do, and you'll always have us." Neville brushed a tiny gnat away from his face. "I just think you need a certain mental intimacy that we can't satisfy. You need a challenge, someone who will let you grow, but not out of control. Someone who will push you hard enough to make sure you don't stay stagnant." Hermione was speechless. "I'm not saying you need a partner to complete you," Neville amended. "You're not incomplete, but relationships are healthy to have. It's how we grow." "I'm not opposed, but the options are slim." "Then it's time to expand the search in a direction you didn't intend to take." Ironic. Hermione wasn't at all certain she'd been heading in any direction in particular. She laughed at the thought. "You laugh now, but one day, you're going to meet someone and they're going to want more of you than you're used to sharing. They're going to want it all: good, bad, brilliant, and ugly. You'll have to choose between forcing them out or letting them in." His gaze returned to the heavens, a smirk playing at the edges of his lips. "I'm curious to see what you'll do." Albus didn't cry at the news. Not at first. He loved playing on the beach with his cousins and camping with Bill, but this trip would be different. Al had never left anyone behind. When it dawned on him that he'd be doing just that, his smile died a slow death and his eyes filled with tears he fought back with several deep breaths. He covered his face with hands. Surprised by his reaction, Ginny hugged him, looking over at Hermione in open shock. James had been poised to antagonise his brother, but when Albus' fight against tears became more visceral, even he kept quiet, giving solemn looks to his dad who looked on in worry. He moved from his mother to Hermione's arms, but she didn't let him hide his face or his feelings. She held him at arm's length, trying to catch his gaze despite Al looking everywhere else. He was closing up. "Talk to us, how can we help?" Albus struggled before finally whispering, "I won't get a chance to say bye." Twin tears ran down his face and more came miserably. "What if he forgets me?" His real fear. "He won't." Ginny kneeled at his side, pressing her head against her son's temple, rubbing his back while Hermione wiped his tears away while her heart ached for him. "We'll figure it out." "Can IÑcan I say bye?" One Floo call and two conversations later, Hermione found herself sitting in the Malfoy family's blank canvas of a living room with Albus. He refused to sit but held her hand tight while Catherine was trying to find Scorpius. Hermione tipped her off that he might be asleep in his father's office, which made her smile graciously before heading in that direction. Narcissa, who was dressed for bed, sat on the chesterfield sofa, observing Albus with a puzzled expression. Hermione had no idea what was going through her mind or why she was even there, but she didn't get a chance to say anything. Catherine led a sleepy Scorpius into the room. He looked grumpy in his train pyjamas, wrinkled with sleep. The tiny frown on his face morphed when he spotted her, but shifted to a look of worry when he got closer and saw Al's face. Catherine politely excused herself. "Hi," Al squeaked, still visibly upset but trying to be brave. Scorpius waved, hesitant but stepping closer. Hermione wondered if he shared a similar sentiment as his father when it came to surprises or anything that deviated from his predetermined schedule. "I'm going away for the summer and I wanted to say bye," Albus blurted out. Then softer, he added, "Please don't forget me." It was hard to gauge Scorpius' response. Confused by the rush of words, but Scorpius appeared more affected by how distraught his new friend was. Hermione drew them both closer to her, an arm around each boy. "It's not the end, okay? I see Scorpius every day. He won't forget you. I won't let him." Al nodded slowly, still struggling not to cry, despite the tears that ran down his cheeks. "We can write letters and send messages and you can draw each other pictures. How does that sound?" The tenuous resolution wasn't the only thing that calmed Albus down. There was also the extra hand holding his that served as a gentle remedy to his sadness. What made him smile was the small, resolved nod given to him from a boy who hadn't spoken a word but had offered his friendship with a tangerine slice. "I'm gonna draw you the best pictures." Scorpius flashed a dimpling smile, and though sad, Al scrubbed his face and smiled back. "Auntie 'Mione, can we catch fireflies outside?" Hermione doubted there were fireflies out there, but looked at Narcissa who gave a single, obligatory nod and off they went. "I have to have you home in thirty minutes." He and Scorpius exchanged looks. "Okay." From the window, she and Narcissa watched the bond in action between two boys who had only met once. How surprisingly deep it ran. How meaningful. There were no fireflies, but they sat in the grass under artificial lights. All Hermione could see was Al's mouth moving while Scorpius listened intenselyÉ until he smiled. Brightly. Narcissa looked stunned, but having seen him smile that wide before, Hermione's mind started working, planning, figuring out a way to foster that bond despite the upcoming distance. There were journals, parchment she could charm, ways to send voice messages by owl. She wondered how Malfoy received letters because she'd never seen an owl arrive at any window. "It's a shame he'll be gone for the summer." Narcissa folded her arms across her chest. "Albus was distraught. I think seeing Scorpius tonight and figuring out a way for them to communicate will help make the separation easier." The other woman was silent long enough for Hermione to glance over at her. There was an expression of quiet dismay on her drawn features. "I was hoping Albus Potter would be just the thing to get Scorpius to speak." "Is that why youÑ" "His silence has gone on long enough." Narcissa cut her eyes at Hermione. "I've grown weary of waiting for him to speak on his own." "The more you push him, the less likely he is to speak. If you're concerned about his ability to communicate, perhaps sign language should be added to his curriculum. It would be more beneficial than learning dead languages." Her statement was not appreciated. "I'd rather not encourage him to remain silent." "That's not at all what learning sign language would do for him. It would help him communicate. Is that not good enough? Do you want to hear his voice? Well, until he's ready to speak, his hands can do that for him." Narcissa said nothing, but it was clear the idea had been rejected. Firmly. And what did it matter if he spoke? Scorpius wouldn't have a voice with her anyway. Narcissa thought her firm hand was necessary to make him strong, even though that belief was severely flawed. She cared about him, in her own wayÑthe best way she knew how. But, in the end, her grandson was a problem that she intended to check off on her long list of things to do before her time was up. Right along with fixing things with his father. When Hermione stepped outside, the boys knew immediately it was time to take Albus home. They stood to their feet, and before Scorpius could do anything, Al hugged him. Scorpius' hands hung limply at his side until one tentatively moved to hug him back. Then the other followed. When they separated, there were fresh tears in Al's eyes, ones that fell as he walked across the grass towards her with an equally sombre Scorpius at his side. "It's not goodbye, remember?" she told them, despite already feeling the effects of their impending separation. "You'll be back before you know it." "I know." Albus rubbed his eyes, cheeks red. "Then we can show Scorp the chickens, right?" "Yes." Hermione took a hand from each and led them both to the fireplace. Narcissa had returned to her seat, and was pretending to read a book. Hermione kneeled in front of the two boys. Scorpius looked a bit more upset than before as he exchanged looks with Al and nodded. "Auntie 'Mione, while I'm gone, can you read Scorp my favourite books? He likes being read to." It was an odd request that brought forth a heart-stopping moment. Narcissa, who was unapologetically eavesdropping, had the same dawning realisation. Scorpius was biting his lip, looking both worried and hopeful. She couldn't keep the wonder out of her voice. "Of course I will, but h-how do you know he likes to be read to?" "We're friends and I like it when you read to me." So naturally he would like the same. Her heart calmed. Slightly. "If it's okay with everyone, I'll read to him." She caught Narcissa's head tilt. It was a topic they would have to discuss later. They both needed sleep and she needed time to work if she hoped to send Albus off with everything he needed to communicate with Scorpius over the summer. "One last hug before we go?" Al looked hopeful. They turned to each other and she caught the slight quiver of Scorpius' lip before Albus hugged him again. Hermione had to remember there was no such thing as an easy goodbye just as she reminded them that it wasn't permanent. It was temporary. But that didn't make it any easier. Pansy stared at the vial Hermione presented, lifting it to the light. It was just past midnight. After a long day and even longer night, she'd come home and started to work on her plan to help Albus and Scorpius during their separation. She had just finished ironing out the logistics of a two-way parchment for them to draw each other pictures when Pansy emerged from the Floo, looking far too chipper for someone in silk pyjamas. She was there to collect and Hermione put her work aside to deliver as requested. A vial with a potion that would lower everyone's inhibitions enough to shake off the jitters involved in attending a large party. "It looks like water with a drop of milk." Pansy scrunched her face up. "The cloudier it is, the stronger its effects. You said you wanted an amiable greeting, not Greek orgy." "You're not funny at all, Granger." But Pansy laughed anyway, closing her fist around the vial and settling on the sofa like she would be there a while. "How are the Potters?" Hermione bit the inside of her cheek and shrugged, which made Pansy wince. "That good, huh?" "Better than expected." Better than she would be in their situation, if she were being honest. "The kids leave in the morning. I took Albus to say goodbye to Scorpius, so I feel pretty drained, to be honest." "Fuck." Hermione sat next to Pansy, resting her head on her friend's shoulder in a rare moment that needed no explanation. "How are they?" "Al cried himself to sleep and ScorpiusÉ" Hermione sighed and straightened, running a hand through her curls. She had been so torn about leaving him, but there was nothing to do about that. She had to take Albus back to the Burrow. Hermione was certain he would wind up on his father's sofa again, wrapped in his blanket, and she hoped he wouldn't be alone for too long. "He seemed upset." "Those poor kids. Daphne's supposed to take Scorpius tomorrow evening to meet Halia so I'll give her a heads up." "Oh?" That was intriguing. "How did that happen?" "I was there as a mediator. She and Narcissa only argued for ten minutes before they came to an agreement. DracoÑ" "Did you tell Malfoy what happened at Harry's house?" "It might have been brought up in casual conversation, but then he got briefed on it further from the head of the DMLE, soÉ" Pansy remained coy with a shrug. "Why do you ask?" "No reason." Hermione turned, crossing her legs and folding them under herself. Pansy spoke to Malfoy more than Hermione had originally thought. Which wasÉ curious. "Ginny was just surprised that he asked after the children." "He did? Interesting." It was an honest response, but careful in that way of hers. Not giving too much, Pansy shrugged flippantly. "Who knows Draco's motives about anything, really. Why don't you ask him?" She glared at her friend who smiled too wide. Like a Cheshire cat. Hermione wondered how much of Draco her friend had figured out. The nuances of his character? What made him worth protecting the way she did? Perhaps she knew the ins and outs of him and that was why she guarded him so fiercely. "Since you talk to him as much as you do, perhaps you would know better than I would." From the cutting look she gave Hermione, it was obvious Pansy wanted to have words with her. "A better topic of conversation is the security at your party. With what happenedÑ" "First of all, I'm not cancelling it." Pansy gave her a defiant look, daring her to approach the topic. "Second, Theo's handling the increased security measures on his property, but the invitations and non-disclosure agreements are spelled to grant access only to the intended recipient and their agreed upon plus one. We'll have guards in regular clothes mingling throughout the party." Hermione was silenced by the surprise arrival of Percy, who stepped out of her Floo dressed in his official Ministry robes with perfectly styled hair that emphasised his severe expression. The air in the room shifted as the tension weighed on them all. There was a sense of foreboding he brought with him that made it clear something unwanted was in her future. Hermione's nerves were on edge with anticipation, her mind racing with thoughts as she went through scenario after scenario that could explain his visit. All roads lead back to one: his visit wasn't personal. But Pansy didn't know that. In an instant, she was on her feet, hands on her hips, indignant. "For fuck's sake, Weasley." Percy's eyes went comically wide before his face settled into a more normal expression. "Why are you here?" "I think the better question is why are you here?" Pansy crossed the room, acting as a physical boundary between her and Percy, standing directly in front of him. Though Hermione couldn't see Pansy, her tone was indicative of her current mood. "Official Ministry business." He peered over Pansy's head at Hermione, who hadn't moved from her spot. Not that she intended to until he disclosed the nature of said 'Ministry business.' But first, he had to contend with Pansy, who shoved him in the chest hard enough for Percy to rock back on his heels. Instead of arguing, his blue eyes softened slightly as he lowered his voice to something private that approached a whisper. "Apologies for leaving you so abruptly over dessert." At least two of Hermione's sensesÑas well as her eyebrowsÑsprung to life at the words she hadn't been invited to hear. Lunch had obviously gone so well that they were still sharing mealsÉ That both were keeping secret. Hermione was beyond intrigued. "I might allow you to reschedule, but I'm not sure." Pansy pressed her lips into a thin line. "I'm quite busy and so are you." Percy's face offered no clue to his actual mood, but Hermione knew him well enough to see the uncertainty beneath his mask of composure. It vanished when Pansy stiffly cleared her throat. "I'll be up late tonight working on designs for the Potter's house. Perhaps when you finish working you can make it up to me. I like banoffee pie." Relief lifted the corners of his lips. "I'll Floo call first." "See that you do." "You're here to summon Granger for Ministry business? As I recall, she's not an employee." "True, but she's being summoned by the Wizengamot." Percy frowned. "I tried to get them to wait until morning, but they said that either I bring her or they'll send someone else." Who wouldn't be as friendly as Percy. "What for?" Curiosity shifted to annoyance as Hermione stood up, realising she was likely to have another long night. "They've never summoned me like this before." The blatant disregard for her time rankled her nerves. "Does she need an advocate?" Pansy asked. "Because IÑ" "No," Percy and Hermione said at once. "Nobody lets me have fun." Tension broke for a moment to allow them a laugh. "I can't tell you why because I don't know." Percy gave her a look. "I have only so much time to produce you, so if you'd like to chanÑoh." He seemed surprised when Hermione picked up her wand and summoned her beaded bag, catching it effortlessly. "You do have time to change into something proper." Hermione looked down at her black leggings and oversized red shirt and shrugged before summoning a pair of trainers. "Okay, now I'm ready." A vastly amused Pansy took the spot next to a sputtering Percy. "You're in pyjamas." "Your point? I'm being summoned for a meeting after midnight, what else would I wear?" He stared at her for several blinking momentsÉ and then the expression on his face shifted from flabbergasted to amusement with a tinge of admiration. "Fair point. Shall we?" With a nod, she crossed the room, stopping first at Pansy, who made her promise to Floo call when she returned home. Hermione agreed and stepped back to watch their exchange. After speaking to Pansy too softly for Hermione to hear, Percy kissed the back of her hand in a parting gesture. Hermione had to squint, but spotted the slight colour on her friend's cheeks. Percy offered an arm she accepted. "Oh, and Pansy?" Hermione called. "Hmm?" "We're going to talk about this later." Before Pansy could argue, they left with a soft pop. They landed in Percy's office. It was messy in every way the man was not. "I'm doing a bit of light reading." He looked embarrassed about the piles of familiar books, very old and dusty parchment scrolls, and texts that covered every available surface of the room. "We'll talk about it." The quiet walk from his office led to a silent lift ride. The nosy part of Hermione wanted very much to ask about what she'd just witnessed in her living room, but she thought it best to save that for later. Right now, she had to prepare for the unknown. The lift doors opened onto Level Nine and Hermione stepped off first, then Percy. The black walls and lanterns looked far more ominous now than in her teenage memories. As they made their way down the hall and began ascending the steps that would take them to Level Ten, Percy broke the tense silence. "I'll be there as long as they allow me to stay. Even after. I'll wait by the door." "Thank you." Not that it mattered in the end. They turned the corner and saw two familiar men waiting outside of their destination. Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy. Dressed professionally, in official robes that denoted their department and rank, the two stood on opposite sides of an imposing brick archway framing a shut door. They just stared into the empty space in front of them with grim expressions, not speaking, which wasn't out of the ordinary. But as she and Percy approached, the pictureÑand the stark differences between the twoÑ became clearer. Crisper. And more concerning. Harry always slouched when he wasn't focused, making himself appear shorter. Malfoy did not. He stood at attention, legs and back bolt upright, arms stabbing toward the floor, and fists curled together. Not only did it make his presence larger than his physical size, but it called to mind an image of his son. Scorpius stood exactly the same way at Narcissa's side. Malfoy's hair sat as perfect and effortless as hair could, but she paid more attention to the fact that Harry had brushed his. Out of everything, that had been the lone detail that worried her most. Harry only brushed his hair for important events. And there she was, in her pyjamas, with her hair positively wild and untamed. By the time she was in earshot, Hermione briefly entertained the idea that she hadn't made the best of choices in attire. But it was too late for regret. Hermione cleared her throat, alerting both wizards to her and Percy's presence. "Now I'm officially confused," Harry said in lieu of a greeting. "That makes two of us." Hermione sighed. "What in the absolute hell is going on, Percy?" Instead of replying, he gave Malfoy a professional nod. "Is the room ready?" "It is. Follow me." Malfoy pushed himself off the wall and led the way. Percy followed. She exchanged a confused look with Harry, who shrugged, but they both trailed after them. The room Malfoy brought them to was down a different corridor, made up of nothing but a dusty table and four chairs, two on each side. Hermione's mood soured with her surroundings. "Someone start talking." Malfoy shut the door behind him with an audible click. "Potter. Granger. Have a seat." As if he'd called her a derogatory name, Hermione recoiled at his instruction. She scrunched her face up further when he turned a finger and made one chair on one side of the table slide out. For her. She glared at the chair, then at Malfoy who stared back with a grim, almost taunting expression. "Sit." "I'd rather stand." Hermione stubbornly folded her arms while Harry stood next to her, matching her stance. "One of you needs to explain what the hell is going on and why I'm here." His gaze bore into her for the length of a held breath before he rolled his eyes. "Suit yourself." Malfoy extracted his wand from his holster. It wasn't long until she felt the cool tingle of security spells and privacy charms on her skin. He put his wand back up. "It's done. Start talking, Weasley." His tone was familiar, not at all acerbic. One might even think it was nearlyÉ friendly. Which was absurd. Harry's patience was thin and it showed. "What's going on?" Percy and Draco exchanged looks and Malfoy made a polite gesture before taking the seat Hermione had refused. He folded his arms, leaned back, and crossed his legs, appearing as if he had all the time in the world. Hermione cut her eyes at her friend. "Percy?" "I know you're both aware of the movement I'm a part of. Well, before we go in there, considering I don't know exactly why they've summoned you three, I thought it would be best if you all got a crash course." "You're the leader of the rebellion to restore the power to the Minister by the next election," Harry said astutely. From the corner of her eye, Hermione saw Malfoy rub his temple as if he were dealing with the stupidest person on Earth. "What else is there to know?" She felt a headache forming at the base of her skull and could have blamed it on the day, two of the three occupants of the room, stress, or even her own exhaustion. The night was just beginning. Not ending. "In so many words, yes, but I prefer to call it a Restoration." "And Malfoy?" Because that was the real question here. "I'm looking to contest the Wizengamot's rule, revert the power back to the Minister's office, and trigger a proper and fair election. By right of birth, Draco has access to the Cambridge Magical Library where we found the original laws created when the Ministry was first founded. He's been translating them into English for me to interpret while others run interference to the best of their abilities. Furthermore, he's been going into the archives of the Hall of Records and searching for other scrolls that have been vital." While Harry looked gobsmacked, Hermione was unsurprised. By any of it. With the pieces laid before her, it all made sense. Hermione had seen him working, sacrificing sleep and time and food to complete his translation work. The stress. The strain. Weeks of it. Months. The idea that he and Percy somehow knew each other had been forming in the lines and spaces between their words, actions, and the odd familiarity from the very first time she'd been in the room with them. Hermione had ignored the niggling sensation then, and now she was paying for it by being blindsided. "Why are you telling us now?" Hermione asked. "Something's obviously happened to make you want to bring us in." "In truth, the members have wanted to bring you in for months, but with Tiberius' inquiries, I thought not knowing would be a benefit. Though, from rumours, Hermione, you've managed to set the Chief Warlock on edge unlike anyone else." She gave a fake curtsy, mouth flat with no amusement. "Lucky me." Harry nearly choked on air. "Who are these members?" "Every department head in the Ministry and dozens of other employees in various positions. There are some we can't disclose, due to their current position and relationship to various Wizengamot members, but we're all doing our parts to ensure the success of our plan." Hermione thought about it all. "Why do you need the laws to be translated? Why not point out that their ten year rule has expired, make them transfer the power, and hold a free election?" "Because Granger," Malfoy's customary drawl made Hermione clench her teeth. "It doesn't matter that the rule has expired. Power transfer requires a two-thirds vote and the Chief Warlock to sign off on it. Neither of those things will happen without a fight, a change in the Wizengamot members' loyalty, or the right law that overrides them. Such as something older that's still valid." "And when you find that law, what's the plan?" "Yeah," Harry chimed in. "Who are you all going to nominate?" "Kingsley." Percy folded his arms. "However, he's been advising me as if I'm to throw my hat in for the position. He's adamant that he's retired, but youÑ" "Is that what you want from me?" Hermione asked. "Yes, but later. I wasn't lying when I said I didn't know why the Wizengamot summoned you. Harry and Draco, I imagine it's something to do with the failed raid, but Tiberius has been after Draco for weeks. Pretty certain he will pull out all the stops tonight to get him to talk or sack him if he doesn't. Are you ready?" "Of course." Malfoy stood to his feet. "Harry?" Percy waved him over. "A word." How Hermione found herself standing in front of Malfoy as he leaned against the wall with his arms folded was a mystery. One she didn't bother to solve because she was heavily involved in the complex task of observing Percy as he spoke to Harry in hushed tones across the room. She happened to sneak a few glances at Malfoy. He gave little away, only fragments of clues that Hermione had learned to recognise after repetition. The set of his jaw. The potency of his gaze. The little tick tugging at the corner of his mouth. He wanted to say something, but Hermione beat him to it. "I believe you said you'd never involve yourself in something like this and yetÑ" "I have my reasons and they are purely selfish," Malfoy clipped. She had a feeling she would hit a dead end if she pried. "How's your pain?" Suspicion was one of Draco Malfoy's default settings. When Hermione didn't avert her eyes, Malfoy tilted his head to the side. "Why do you care?" "Are you going to answer my question orÑ" "Are you making conversation or do you actually want to know?" "It's a waste of time to ask questions I don't want to know the answers to." Malfoy didn't respond because Percy received a corporeal Patronus stating that the Wizengamot would be ready for them in five minutes. The walk back to the chamber was quick. Hermione stood next to Harry on one side of the archway while Percy stood next to Malfoy on the other. "Hermione?" Harry nudged her with his elbow. "You okay?" "Yes." Except Malfoy was watching her, and had been. Being trapped in his gaze was such a strange sensation. He felt both close and far. The weight, heavy and tangible, was familiar in a way that it shouldn't be. Hermione backed herself against the archway, the brick grounding her, cooling her hands as she splayed them againstÑ "Percy." Harry's voice snatched her attention. "You know I've been meaning to say something. You could have let Hermione change." "I'm a civilian and dressed as one should after midnight." Hermione made a fist at her side when Malfoy looked down at his watch, swearing at the time. "I see nothing wrong." Something fleeting passed over Malfoy's face as he gave her attire a cursory, dismissive glance, but the expression was too swift to decipher. Not so contemptuous, but definitelyÑ The heavy doors slowly creaked open. Cool, stale air escaped the room, and a ripple of foreboding visibly swept through them all like a wave of force. All four exchanged looks of varying intensity before Harry took the lead. Malfoy fell behind him, then Hermione, while Percy brought up the rear. It felt like walking into a battle devoid of armour, and Hermione had not been prepared for the way her stomach twisted with nerves at the prospect. Her stress level increased tenfold from one frayed exhale to the next. She clenched her hands repeatedly as an outletÑit didn't work. She was going to have to improvise, which wasn't her strength. Although shakyÑlike birds on a tree branch, ready to take flight at the first glimpse of troubleÑHermione took control of her nerves. She surveyed the room. Hermione spotted the record keeper in the corner, dressed nicely in dark robes that didn't make her stand out. Hermione's red shirt acted like a beacon, drawing attention that wasn't exactly wanted. For a room that had such a large door, it wasn't grand. Dim orbs hung from the ceiling, giving the space a haunting feel that she didn't like. At least forty Wizengamot members of different shapes, sizes, and ethnicities sat in their places in four rows of ten, all wearing looks of stiff composure, but if she looked harder, she could see something else in their eyes. Fear. In the centre on the bottom row sat Chief Warlock McLaggen with an unreadable expression. A grim-looking Minister sat to his right and a sombre Cormac to his left. He didn't leer at Hermione like usual. He looked scared. Nervous. Weird. Opposite the table were three empty chairs that didn't look comfortable. Harry took the far left, Malfoy the far right, and she was left to claim the middle. After a glance over her shoulder at Percy, who had hung back, Hermione accepted the nod of encouragement she didn't know she needed until right then. Their seats were close enough that she could practically feel the nerves rolling off Harry, but nothing from Malfoy. He was too busy keenly assessing every face in the room. Some boldly stared back, some glared as if he were the cause of all their problems, but overall, their response to his scrutiny was different levels of discomfort. "Now that you three are seated," Cormac's voice echoed in the silence. "The Chief Warlock calls this meeting into order." He opened the proverbial floor to his uncle in deference. The stenographer waved her wand and her Quick Quotes Quill activated. "Mr Weasley, you may be dismissed." "I'm here as Miss Granger's advocate, as she is not an employee of the Ministry." He glared at Hermione, who made sure to look extremely put out. "Very well then." There was a dramatic pause before Tiberius continued, "Due to the continued failures of Mr Potter and Mr Malfoy, Death Eaters continue to be a blight on our society." Hermione schooled her features. "Tonight," the Chief Warlock's voice rose in a sharp crescendo, "ten members of the governing Wizengamot were murdered in a brutal, retaliatory fashion. The members here with us are survivors. Death Eaters have taken responsibility and threatened more attacks if we do not release the prisoners." Hermione froze. Every subsequent second that ticked by felt like an hour. She looked over at an equally shocked Harry, who was blinking, struggling to string together a simple response. Hermione didn't need to look at Malfoy. She felt him tense along the edges of her consciousness. Felt waves of defensive energy pouring off him at such a high rate she wondered if he would draw his wand. Or if he needed to. Then his head jerked to his leftÑnot at her, over herÑat Harry while she grappled with the news. TenÉ why did that number seem familiar? Oh. It was the number of Death Eaters they'd captured during the raid. Well, that explained the sombre mood and the fear in their eyes. They were scared in the same way that children were conditioned to be terrified of fire after getting burned by the flamesÑespecially after countless warnings. Hermione felt horrible for the families affected, disgusted by the blatant disregard for the sanctity of human life she believed in at her very core as a HealerÉ. But there was an irony that couldn't be ignored. "Draco Malfoy." The Minister said his name in a tone so snide it strangely bordered on fatuousness. "As Head of the Task Force, brief us on the raid that occurred two nights ago." "Very well." His voice was like cold metal. Completely devoid of all emotion. Professional. He began weaving a detailed albeit clipped tale, taking them through everything Hermione knew and things she didn't. How he and Harry ended up in the Manor, the fight that raged on, the start of the Fiendfyre, the chaos, Malfoy pulling Harry out. She learned how Malfoy ended up with his shoulder injuredÑcourtesy of dodging a Killing Curse from one uncle, but catching a blasting spell from the other. It was far worse than Hermione could have imagined. When Malfoy finished, he sat back stiffly in his chair and looked straight ahead. The Chief Warlock and the Minister exchanged whispers. In fact, most of the attending Wizengamot members were speaking in low tones to their neighbours. Tiberius cleared his throat. "Your account matches the one provided in the briefing by Hestia Jones. This raid should have been cancelled." "Yes, but I didn't call it off." Harry's words were ignored. Tiberius' scrutiny was on Malfoy. "And yet you risked the lives of your team and the Aurors in an act that could be seen as an open declaration of war. Auror business is Mr Potter's responsibility, but the Task Force and each raid you lead is yours." "Are you trying to place the blame for the raid's failure squarely on me, Chief Warlock?" Malfoy's voice was so cold it sent a chill up her spine. "You have been given adequate resources to rid us all of Death Eaters, but you haven't used them efficiently." That statement was patently untrue. "Furthermore, your lack of control and leadership has killed ten members of the Wizengamot, and threatened all of our lives. Come morning, news of your failures will be turned into a complete and utter media spectacle that will make us all look incompetent." So that was the core of his anger. It wasn't about the people who had been hurt in the raid, or even the Wizengamot members that had died in retaliation. The Chief Warlock's concern was only for his own skin and public image. It was disgusting. For years, they had been untouchable, living without the same worries and fears. No threats. No poisoned letters. No kidnappings. But tonight's action had made it clear that they were human and subject to the same frailties as all other walks of life. They were no better than anyone else. It must have been a sobering experience for them all. "I'd ask how it feels to have blood on your hands, Malfoy," Cormac spat with a vicious sneer. "But you already know." Malfoy's only visible reaction was a slight tensing of his shoulder muscles. Then his hands curled into tight, knuckle-popping fists on his thighs. She could see his veins. Inhaling deeply through his nose, he took a breath only she could hear then rolled his shoulders like stormy waves that pulled Hermione into his path. She braced for the inevitable impact. But Harry took a decisive stance. "That was uncalled for. This entire witch hunt is complete bullshit. As I've stated, the reason for the failure is mine and mine alone. You've all obviously read the briefingÑ" "That's not for you to decide, Mr Potter." "There's no decision, only truth!" Harry's furious tone almost made Hermione rest a hand on his shoulder to ground him, but she didn't. They deserved the full wrath of his ire. "And Malfoy's history doesn't have aÑ" "Harry..." Cormac raised a brow. "I thought you, of all people, would agree with me." "We're not here to discuss Malfoy's past. We're here about a raidÑ" "Yes, the raid," the Minister interrupted, voice slick as oil as he cut his eyes to Malfoy once again. "Mr Malfoy's inability to lead has put us all in a position where we are left with no other option." Like the useless figurehead he was, he deferred to the Chief Warlock, who gave a decisive nod, allowing the man to bring down the verdict in a trial where the decision had obviously been made before Malfoy had so much as opened his mouth. Or even walked into the room. It was every bit of the hunt Percy thought it would be. "Due to your track record of failures since obtaining this position, complaints from your subordinates, and the failure of the recent raid, it is the decision of the Wizengamot that you, Draco Malfoy, will be removed from your position as Head of the Task Force. We will also issue a public statement concerning the events surrounding your termination that you will not be permitted to refute." The outraged noise from Harry was in direct contrast to Malfoy's silence. Hermione's anger started to build. "You should reconsider your decision," Harry argued. "The failure of the raid rests on me. If anyone should be fired, it should be me." There was visible unease from the attending members, murmurs that she couldn't understand. A restless energy caused by Harry's disagreement. A sharp raised hand from the Chief Warlock commanded silence. "Come now, Mr Potter, there's no need toÑ" "Malfoy wanted to call it off, and I refused. It's clearÑ" "Regardless, it's his job to maintain control at all times. And he didn't. I thought you would be thrilled at the news. You hate working with him. Everyone knows this." "If the reason for his termination was justified or even accurate," Harry said bluntly. "But it's neither of those things. You're trying to terminate him for a mistake I made and for aÑ" "A reason that's not valid according to the Ministry Employment Act as well as the DMLE's Code of Ethics." Malfoy had clearly calmed down and centred himself, ready to fight. "I don't think you want to fight me on this. You will lose." Tiberius laughed. "I believe I pass the judgement here." "Even you have to abide by the laws of the Ministry. You don't get to circumvent the laws that don't suit your needs." Malfoy leaned back in his chair. "You can't get rid of me." Hermione blinked at him in surprise. She wasÉ impressed. "Furthermore, allow me to highlight the fact that The Wizengamot has a history of terminating employees unlawfully. How would the public take that?" "Do you think the media will care about the termination of an ex-Death Eater?" "Maybe not." Harry stood up. "But they will if I back it. And I will." Which shut Tiberius up, but made the whispers around the room rise in earnest. He appeared visibly frustrated, angry enough to snap the quill in his hand with ease. The Minister leaned over to whisper something to him, but he waved the man off with an aggressive swat. "Fine. Perhaps I can't fire you, but I can demote you," Tiberius said brusquely then looked at Hermione for the first time, smiling slowly. "Miss Granger, should you accept, his job is yours." The unapologetic abuse of power set her on edge. "Did you drag me here after midnight to offer me a job?" Exasperation dripped from her every syllable. "Indeed. Draco Malfoy will be your subordinate, should you decide to keep him employed on your Task Force." There were two routes she could take in response, but neither included accepting the position they were all but handing her. While option oneÑwhich involved respectfully declining and leaving the same way she'd enteredÑwas the sensible choice, option two was far more satisfying. Because now she was over it. Completely. And since the universe seemed determined to drag her into the fight, then so be it. "We will give you time to think it over, Miss Granger." "No need." Hermione smiled a little too wide. "I've made up my mind." Malfoy turned, his stare crippling and harsh unlike anything she had ever seen before. Heavy with accusation and distrust so visceral it couldn't be ignored. At a volume only he could hear, she spoke through her teeth, barely moving her lips. "Trust me. For one second." Malfoy had his reasons for taking a thankless position he didn't need. Hermione didn't know every motive, but she knew enough, knew just a hint of what made him inquire after the children that Harry was so willing to put everything on the line to protect. And on a different level, Hermione knew there was more that he hid deeperÑreasons that, when combined, created the constellation tattooed on his forearm. She didn't know which reason made the ice in his eyes melt, but it was all she needed. "I believe you have offered me Draco Malfoy's job prematurely as there is no opening for the position you wish for me to accept." Her eyes fell on the Chief Warlock and Minister, who regarded her with varying expressions of confusion. "I'm not certain if you were listening, Miss Granger, but I just demoted him." "No, you didn't. You tried to, but I'm certain you've misspoken." Cormac appeared intrigued. Harry, from the corner of her eye, leaned back in his chair as if he were ready for the show. Malfoy was watching her, his anger levelling out. Meanwhile, the rest of the present members of the Wizengamot rumbled their responses. Hermione stood to address the room. "Threats. Violence. Kidnappings. Murders." Silence of a tomb fell at her words. "None of this is new to us, our families, or to the people who have watched this escalation for years while you all have perpetuated a false peace of your creation. We try to live in peace, but this is our reality. And now it's yours. It's time to stop doing just enough to keep the public from recognising your true incompetence and start putting every available resource into this fight." She had everyone's undivided attention. "Miss GrangerÑ" "Chief Warlock. Now that Death Eaters are affecting you personally it's suddenly an issue," Hermione snapped. "Now it's a problem you want to take immediate action against. Now you want to pay attention to a team you've kept out of sight and underfunded. Now you want to unfairly lay blame at Draco Malfoy's feet when you should be blaming yourselves, your greed, your ineptitude, and your disregard for all the warnings you've been given. Warnings that have been around since before your tenure, since Kingsley was Interim Minister. This wouldn't have happened had you treated the Death Eater threat with the seriousness it deserved after the war." Hermione stared right at the Chief Warlock who glared back. "These two are more than capable to perform the duties and responsibilities of the jobs they were hired to do. Unfortunately, they can only work with the resources they've been provided." From the corner of her eye, she caught sight of Malfoy looking at her in a way that she had no capacity to interpret. But it was an expression she wouldn't soon forget. Open but the meaning was as illegible as his handwriting. She looked away. "This is where their 'failings' end and yours begin." "That's enough, Miss Granger." Tiberius' voice echoed in the stillness of the room. "YouÑ" "You can stop pretending you haven't set them up to fail. War is more profitable than peace." At the outraged look on the Chief Warlock's face, she stood firmer in her belief. "Don't pretend that demoting Malfoy while issuing a statement he can't refute wasn't a directive to save yourself in the public eye." The Minister snapped his fingers at the court stenographer. "Stop the recording." "That's fine. I don't need a recording when everything I've said is easily proven. I have memories, evidence, and friends in the media who have a personal interest in seeing justice prevail." "Your threatÑ" "It's not a threat. It's a true story that every media outlet in the world would be interested in hearing. You see, the reason you've misspoken when demoting Draco Malfoy is that you don't want me to return to the Ministry and take on his position." "MissÑ" "If I come back, I would make it my personal mission to see the power structure restored and the corruption in this room eliminated. I would hold each and every one of you responsible for your actions, or rather inactions. Corruption. Illegal interrogation tactics. Your disgusting behaviour has run rampant and I would not stand for it." Hermione cut her eyes to the Chief Warlock and Minister, both of whom were staring at her with wide eyes. "I'd see to it that you ÑTiberius McLaggenÑand anyone who supports you would never again hold a position of power. You're all culpable. You're all to blame for the last thirteen years of failures and suffering. You're all responsible for the deaths of your fellow Wizengamot members. You need to answer to the people, but more importantly, you need to answer to yourselves." There were more rumblings from the Wizengamot members. Tiberius looked furious. "I would be very careful with what you say, Miss Granger. Your words border on treason and can be punishable byÑ" "I'd like to see you try," Hermione threatened. More shifting bodies amplified the tension in the room. "I am loyal to the Ministry, the ideals it was built on, and what it used to be before you all turned it into a shadow of what it once was. But to you, Chief Warlock? I will never be loyal to a tyrant." Hermione took a step forward. "You're a coward who is focused to the point of paranoia about losing whatever power you've taken while Death Eaters threaten the very existence of the Ministry you've sworn to protect." "I orderÑ" "Order?" Hermione scoffed, feeling her anger and determination rise. "You think you're a king, but you're just a pawn that will fall with the first misstep." The rest of the Wizengamot were staring in abject shock, and Hermione looked at each individual face. "Change is here and it starts tonight." Hermione was officially tired enough to step out of the shadows and be part of the force to make it happen. "There are two sides in this fight, and it's time to choose one." "Spoken like the treasonous head of a rebellion. Miss Granger, IÑ" "I'm not a part of any movement." Which was true. Before tonight she was not. But that was going to change the second she walked out of the room. The fire of restoration had been lit. Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful committed citizens can change the world. Indeed it is the only thing that ever has. Margaret Mead Chapter End Notes A/N: Hello BAMF Hermione. Art for this chapter: Scorpius Malfoy & Albus Potter (ft. Fireflies) by hoffnungsclaws & Draco, Hermione, and Harry by her-co & Hermione Cooking by animusdiscidium Chapter16: Line Of Sight Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Sixteen Line of Sight June 21, 2011 For Hermione, night was like a little death. A time for dormancy, rest, and restoration that ended with daylight breaking over the horizon. Today's sunrise was gorgeous, the air clear and crisp. Peace was absolute. It was going to be a good day, she could feel it. The cactus agreed by perking up another three centimetres. She'd measured, of course. Not wanting it to get too much sun, Hermione carried it inside and placed it on the island while she gathered what she needed for the day. As well as something extra for Scorpius to cheer him up. Daphne mentioned that the meeting between him and Halia had gone well, but overall, there was sadness tucked beneath his surfaceÑthere to stay until Albus' return. Scorpius hadn't smiled much; he struggled harder with Malfoy's recent streak of absences. His distress was a living, breathing entity that increasingly worried Hermione. But he sought comfort by holding her cardigan tighter, then her hand during their first book reading. He tried harder to decipher his father's letters, kept the sprigs longer, and stared at the blank parchment spelled to send pictures and notes to Albus. It was as if he didn't know what he wanted to writeÉ all the while knowing he wanted to do something. But couldn't. Scorpius had picked up the spelled marker multiple times just to put it down. Patiently, Hermione tried to help him past the block with no success. Yesterday, she even found him in the cabinets again. After coaxing him out, they sat on the floor with him leaning against her until Catherine came. Hermione made her wait until he was ready. Scorpius wasn't far from her mind when she spelled the spines of the cactus not to prick. Then Hermione continued preparing for the day. Narcissa planned to spend the solstice dining with the Greengrass family and Scorpius. And when she went to grab a bit of Valerian root to show Scorpius, Hermione hesitated, glancing over her shoulder at the prickly plant. Perhaps that would do. The next place she sat the cactus down was on the empty coffee table in the Malfoys' home. In the kitchen, evidence of change awaited her in the form of no Malfoy. In his place was the cup of tea that had been steeped to her preference, preserved under charms. It had started as a thank you, a gesture of appreciation for defending him. An act thatÑafter another hour of posturingÑhad made them reverse their decision. Malfoy's absence wasn't a surprise, but something she had come to expect. The murders created a public frenzy. Security measures had been increased at the Ministry and St Mungo's, as well as all public wizarding locations like Diagon Alley. The papers were busy churning out stories and opinion pieces about the deaths, previously suppressed stories regarding various kidnappings (far more than Hermione even knew), and the Ministry's incompetence in their lack of response to, well, everything. Wizarding London had taken centre stage again. The world was watching. Instead of creating the scapegoat they needed in Draco Malfoy, they placed the blame on Death Eaters and took the well-deserved brunt of the decline in public trust. As they should. It was a catastrophe for the Ministry, but the clean up efforts had been better than anything Hermione had seen. Aurors were pulled from pointless missions abroad for new orders. Statements had been issued from the Minister and Chief Warlock vowing to take the correct steps in ensuring the safety of everyoneÑfrom the top to the bottom. Pretty words, but Hermione was more interested in the follow through. Ginny mentioned that Harry had been going in at dawn every morning for meetings and returning to the Burrow exhausted. She also mentioned that French and American Aurors had arrived for their Task Force team assignments, per the coalition Percy had formed, which explained why she hadn't seen much of Malfoy. Well, outside of the tea he'd left her. Which wasÉ something. Hermione didn't dare call the act nice, but for the last three mornings, she'd grasped at straws to figure out what she could call it. A mistake was her initial thoughtÑthat he'd left his own teacup behind. The note indicated intent. Thanks. She'd taken a suspicious sniff before being pleasantly surprised to find he'd prepared her tea correctly, right down to the honey. The second incident was the following Monday morning when he'd left green tea with peppermint, steeped and flavoured to her liking. And a second note. Bring more honey. Which she didÑtoday. There was no note, only black tea. It boggled her mind. This was only the third cup. How did she already know she would like it? Closing her eyes momentarily to enjoy the first sip, she wondered if Narcissa had taught him. Ron had never once got it right; he fixed her tea the same way no matter what the flavours were, even after she explained the difference. It felt like Divination all over again. Hypotheses about the meaning behind boiled water and tea leaves would never be a precise art. Her cup was empty and she was just as frustrated as she had been in Third Year. And just as mentally exhausted. But that weariness wasn't exclusive to Draco Malfoy. There was a growing feeling, a twist of anxiety that had followed her since Mathers' warning and the vandalising of Harry's home. The raid. The movement. Every danger in her line of sight. Each problem grew taller and taller, nudging and calling for more of her attention. Change was happening everywhere. Hermione went relatively unnoticed in public, but a trip to Diagon Alley Saturday had left whispers in her wake. An errand to Godric's Hollow Sunday drew more looks than usual. It wasÉ Well, now wasn't the time to give it any more mental space. Breakfast for Narcissa was left under preservation charms. She went down the hall, seeing Keating leaving her patient's room with a roll of parchment. The results from recent diagnostic charms. "Good morning, Miss Granger. How are you?" "Fine, thank you. How was Narcissa's night?" "No major incidents, but she reported smaller neuromuscular issues pertaining to her grip and weakness in her legs last night. She's dressing to garden with you, but it might be wise to skip today." "Perhaps." Hermione accepted the parchment and scanned the results, frowning. "I'll allow Narcissa to make that decision. She knows her body better than any of us." They took a walk to the room where Sachs was waiting for their morning briefing. "Good morning, Sachs." "Morning." There hadn't been many niceties exchanged between her and Sachs since Narcissa's incident, but Hermione hadn't had any problems from her either. Sachs stopped catering to their patient's whims, and followed the rules Hermione had crafted months ago. The briefing was short. Hermione had a scheduled call with Charles and needed to do more research regarding possible improvements to Narcissa's potions. There were also patient files to review. It might have been tense, but they were working more like a team now than ever before. Keating looked a little worn after staying up all night, so Hermione dismissed them both and went upstairs to the empty office she'd taken over since Malfoy's was off limits. The space was empty, much like most of the rooms in the house. No paintings or dŽcor, just a heavy, mahogany desk with a thick glass plate on top, and an accompanying chair. The only thing remotely personal was the stack of patient files that waited for her here, as her office at home was covered with all her research notes on various potion attempts. The emptiness didn't bother her as much as it should have, in fact, it helped her focus. Thankfully, the call with Charles was cut short because reviewing the files she'd received from Roger was a slow, tedious process. Comparing prescribed potions and the difference between those who went the magical route versus the Muggle route for treatment, she cross-referenced the information against those who went through both. The latter fared much better. Narcissa's resistance to any Muggle intervention held that thought at bay. In her attempt to keep the peace, Hermione hadn't delved into the root cause of her patient's objections. Maybe she should. An accidental glance at her watch made her double take. She was late for breakfast. After closing the file, Hermione left it behind, returning to the kitchen where an adult and a child were at an impasse on either side of the long kitchen table. The composed standoff was so Malfoy-esque Hermione almost laughed. Almost. Neither were backing down, which was comical, given the age gap. Narcissa sat across from her grandson, repeatedly tapping her fingernail on the table while staring at Scorpius, who returned her glare stubbornly. What made it worse was the fact that his hair was gelled and parted too severely. When combined with his expression, it made him look older. Harsh. Like his father. "You need to eat, Scorpius," Narcissa said. "We have been through this and I will not tolerate further insolence." He blinked as if she were speaking an unknown language, then pocketed his father's note. Staring placidly at his food, Scorpius exhaled a small sigh. Despite his hyper-obedience, it wasn't the first time she'd witnessed a stare-off he was involved in, but it was usually over him not wanting to attend lessons. She'd never seen it happen with Narcissa. His plate was arranged with bacon, sausage, eggs, black pudding, tomatoes and mushrooms, and toast. It remained untouched. Narcissa looked close to cracking. "Scorpius Hyperion Malfoy if youÑ" "Good morning, everyone!" Two heads whipped to her. The younger looked more pleased to see her than the older. He sat straighter, fully giving her the attention he refused to give his grandmother. Offering Scorpius a smile, Hermione glanced at Narcissa, who watched the exchange with a pinched expression. "What's going on here?" "Scorpius refuses to eat the food Zippy has prepared." "It looksÉ complicated. Children can be picky eaters, which is normal. Have you triedÑ" "Of course not." Narcissa's nose was turned up. "He will eat now or not at all." Judging from Scorpius' disposition, the latter was a real possibility. Hermione took Narcissa's usual seat at the head of the table, putting herself between the two who had resumed their staring contest. She stepped into the role of mediator. One was completely set in their ways, but the otherÉ she might have more success with. "Scorpius." The little boy looked at her. "Let's see. If you eat two bites of everything, I'll make you cheese toasties for lunch." "Miss GrangerÑ" "Do you want him to eat or not?" She glared daggers at Narcissa before returning to Scorpius, resuming to her default smile. "What do you say?" Blue eyes narrowed. She needed to sweeten the deal. "And we can eat outside for lunch." Hermione looked at Narcissa, who glared between them hard and long but didn't object. Great. Now the ball was in Scorpius' metaphorical court. His face contorted adorably, but it wasn't long before he agreed. Hermione grinned, extending her hand for him to shake to seal the deal. Scorpius looked at her hand. Then her. To the average person, he appeared pensive. She, on the other hand, while no expert on every one of his expressions, recognised the signs that Scorpius was only hesitating so as not to seem too eager. Which was rather Slytherin of him. Still, she kept her hand extended long enough for him to wipe his hands on his napkin with the manners expected of him before shaking her hand hesitantly. His eyes lifted to hers with shy determination; light pink tinted his cheeks. "Go on then." She nodded towards his plate and they both waited until he did exactly as they had agreed upon. He ended up eating the mushrooms and tomatoes, taking two bites of egg, and ate the entire piece of toast, but distastefully frowned at the sausage and bacon. He didn't like it at all. Hmm. Breakfast passed with Scorpius blinking like a baby owl while Narcissa was transparent about her latest complaints of decreased strength and forgetful moments. All the while Hermione remained torn between encouraging her openness and discouraging her from sharing when Scorpius was around. He was perceptive and focused. Soon, he would be curious. Hermione waited until Catherine came to collect Scorpius before addressing Narcissa's concerns. "Keating told me these symptoms have been going on since last night." "It started at dinner yesterday and has only gotten worse. I feel like I can hardly lift my teacup and I have intermittent tremors. Also, I am very tired, but not sleepy. It is a strange feeling." "I wonder if you've fully recovered from collapsing." Narcissa touched her necklace. "I feel fine otherwise." Was this a sign that her disease was progressing? Outside an accidental Apparition incident or two, and instances of basic forgetfulness, she'd been relatively stable since her collapse. It made Hermione anxious to push her research efforts to the front of the line. Charles had shared details of their failed attempts to create a potion to slow her disease's progression, maybe it was time to figure out the root cause of the failure. What was the missing piece? "I am ready to garden," Narcissa announced. "I have scheduled an extra half an hour today." "If you'd like, we can skip today." "No." Narcissa stood, smoothing down her clothes. "I have seen what my absence has done to your garden. Your roses need me." For Hermione, taking notes was essential. She noted little observations about Narcissa while she worked in the garden: weakness in her grip, recurring tremor in her hands, difficulty holding the pruners for too long. Hermione had written nearly a page concerning her physiological changes in the first half hour, complete with additional thoughts crammed in the margins. Narcissa was on her knees with one ungloved hand in the dirt, frowning in disappointment, before wiping her hand and putting her glove back on. "You do not water your roses enough. It should be twice a week now that it is summer. Before you water, be sure that the soil has not completely dried out. This will determine just how much water you should use." Water roses twice a week. Feel dirt. "You must be careful to avoid getting dirt on the blooms. What is the point of roses if they are dirty?" Must keep dirt off the blooms. "And do remember that your Sanders White roses are to be treated differently than your climbing roses in your conservatory. You train these by simply cutting out some of the old stems at the base." Cut old stems at the bÑ "Miss Granger!" An exasperated Narcissa Malfoy made her pause. She slowly got to her feet, wincing a bit. Hermione reached out to steady her with a hand that her patient stubbornly waved off. "I am fine." Hermione didn't miss the tremor in her arm. She was about to record it when an aggravated huff stopped her. "Must you incessantly take notes?" Narcissa snapped. "You should be watching or even helping." "I learn better this way." "Repetition also aids in learning." Narcissa folded her arms, giving Hermione a long, reproachful look. "What made you decide to plant roses, Miss Granger?" "They draw pollinators." Hermione had never seen anyone roll their eyes with grace. "I suppose that is a better response than something asinine, but with your colourful opinions about everything, it astounds me how dull you are." "Excuse me?" "I meant no offence." It sounded as if Narcissa meant every word. "It is that roses are more than just pollinators or beautiful blooms. They are history in a flower, a universal language, and have medicinal properties. As someone who brews and creates balms as you do, I would think that you would use your roses to their full potential." "Mainly I brew potions for patients." Hermione glanced down at her notes. "I don't mind brewing, but it's not my passion. More of a necessity. I trust my own potions over those manufactured in great quantities. I hardly brew anything for myself." "What do you do for yourself?" Narcissa's question gave Hermione serious pause. "I have wondered about this for a few months." The seconds following her statement seemed to pass as if the words were caught in molasses, wanting neither to be said nor heard. She shifted uncomfortably, looking into the distance at the treeline, hoping it would keep her relaxed under the scrutiny. "Perhaps your garden is yours, but not exclusively when so much of itÑand your effortsÑgo to the benefit of others." Unexpectedly, Narcissa started towards the house, ending the conversation. Hermione followed, wondering if time was up, but Narcissa still had her gloves on, which meant she was heading to the conservatory to work on the climbing roses. Deadheading was the only thing she could think of that needed to be done. Narcissa took her time watering the roses with her wand while Hermione started twisting off as many dying blooms as she could see to speed the gardening session up. Narcissa stayed her hand. "Watch and learn." She pulled out her pruners and Hermione looked on as Narcissa pinched, then cut off the finished flower just below where the base joined the stem. "Your method, while not incorrect, is ill-advised for climbing roses. These bloom once." Narcissa's eyes travelled to the top of the trellis where the roses didn't reach. "We should prune immediately, but let's rearrange this into a more horizontal position. They will grow better this way." "But they naturally grew like this." "Nothing that magic can't fix before they bloom next." They worked in companionable silence for a long while. Hermione was using her wand to reroute the last of the canes as directed when Narcissa broke the silence. "People are beginning to talk." She stopped working. "About?" "You." Narcissa's eyes were sharp, her face even in a way that made it hard to read. "There are growing whispers of you all over society, Miss Granger. Your stunt with the Wizengamot is all people are talking about." News travelled fast, but Hermione had no idea it had made it that far. "Do you have any concerns you wish to address?" Hermione asked patiently. "My only concern is if I will have a different Healer in the next year." She made herself comfortable on the sofa. "And if my current Healer will be making her brilliant return to politics." "Is that what people are saying?" "Yes." Narcissa removed her gardening gloves with exaggerated movements, placing them next to her. "And what is your response to the rumours?" "My response is that I am a Healer. Your Healer." "Good." Like a punctured balloon, she all but deflated, the hard corners of her mouth relaxing as she shook her head. "There is nothing wrong with ambition, but I selfishly would hate to have to acclimate to another Healer so soon." "I have no ambitions of being a politician, but I'm sure you're as tired as I am of the current situation in the Ministry." "No one is blind to the activities of the ruling Wizengamot, Miss Granger. The corruption is blatant and the way they ignore all the dangers posed by the Death Eaters is quite reprehensible. With that being said, I am in no position to take action." "You might be one person but you can make a difference." "Is that what you intend to do, Miss Granger?" Narcissa's condescension rankled her. "Charge in like a warrior and bend the Wizengamot to your will. Is that how you plan to make a difference?" "I already did that once and it saved your son's job." That shut her up. There was a pep of satisfaction in Hermione's step when she returned to her taskÑor tried to. "My son does not need the job he insists on having. He has duties, an obligation to the preservation of this family and its future. That is his occupation. It is not his job to run after Death Eaters, nearly get himself killed, or ally himself with a movement that will fail." She reached for the glass of water on the table in front of her, sipping it slowly. "The odds of success are not inÑ" "I've overcome worse odds. Impossible ones. And here I am." "You are delusional if you think you alone can change things." "I don't," Hermione argued with a passion she forced herself to rein in when she saw the other woman's brow quirk. She tried it again, calmer, despite the spark in her veins. "I don't. Nor do I believe I can do this alone because I'm not alone. But you were alone when you came to Harry's side that night in the forest. And you changed everything." Silence returned with a vengeance, heavier than before. A thoughtful Narcissa sipped her water and went to the window, gazing out at the sun-soaked greenery surrounding her home. Light bathed the conservatory, touching Narcissa's pale skin and hair in a way that made her glow. "That decision cost me everything I hadn't already lost." Hermione joined her, placing her pruners into her apron. She took in the same sight Narcissa was lost in. "Do you regret it? Helping Harry?" "Not for a moment. I did it for Draco. I would do anything for him." They remained side by side until Hermione returned to her task. But then Narcissa shifted to a topic Hermione didn't expect. "For weeks I have watched your interactions with Scorpius. He likes you." "I'm good with children." Hermione couldn't help but smile. "Harry has three and I've been part of their lives since birth. It's forever an adventure." "Be that as it mayÉ" Narcissa turned her back to the window completely. "When you speak to him, Scorpius listens. You have more control over him than his nanny. Scorpius is obedient, but it is not because he wants to be. He obeys because it is expected and I have made certain he knows that. Still, he is difficult at times. If you were not already employed, I would hire you to make him speak." Hermione's discomfort rose. "Are you certain you want to have this discussion?" They were teetering on the brink of dangerous territory. She had opinions and they toed every line she had been trying desperately not to cross. "I am merely making conversation based on an observation." "I have made many observations since starting, but at the same time, I'm your Healer and you're my patient. I am trying to respect that relationship by not speaking my entire piece as it pertains to Scorpius." Hermione gripped every last thread of her self-control, but Narcissa kept pushing. "Did you not once say that family is important to your methodology as far as the care you provide? Scorpius is my family. He does not like many people, so I find his persistent fascination with you interesting. You bring him plants daily and have started reading to him, and while I could easily ask Catherine to do that, it would not have the same impact. So, indulge me. What have you said to him?" "NarcissaÉ" "I am allowing you to speak your mind." Hermione knew Narcissa wouldn't stop, so she gave in. "Fine." Pleased with herself, Narcissa waited while Hermione put on armour. This would not end well. "First, Scorpius doesn't like many people because he doesn't know many people." Nor would he, given his schedule and seclusion. Hermione promised to leave it there. Walk away. She had said enough. But the opinion was fully formed and exited her mouth before she could stop it. "Second, it's never crossed my mind to try and control him as you do. That's the difference between obedience and respect." "Ah." Narcissa's lips twitched. "This is your liberal way of thinking in action. You compromise and cajole. He's a child and as suchÑ" "Yes, he is. Not that you treat him like one. You also want him to be strong enough to face the scrutiny of a harsh world, but you don't allow him to make a single choice of his own. His schedule is too rigid for a child his age." "Scorpius is learning everything that a Malfoy heir should know: languages, etiquette, maths, literature, history, and artÑmost magical and MuggleÑand pureblood customs and the reason for their importance. It is what Draco learned at his age." "There is nothing wrong with an education, butÑ" "Furthermore, Miss Granger, it is my duty as the matriarch to raise him and teach him." Yet again, Hermione considered abandoning the conversation before it escalated beyond her control. She took a measured breath to quell her impulses, but they would not be tamed. "Until he is eightÑ" "Or until Draco marries. Then his new wife will assume the role, and its duties and responsibilities. It will be written in the contract, but each of his prospects know their expectations." "Does he have prospects?" "There are several young witches I have picked out that would make a fine Malfoy wife." Picked out. "And what if he doesn't remarry?" Hermione barely disguised her repulsion. There were several examples she could recall of him rejecting the prospect. Fine or not. "You said it yourself, he's biding his time and dragging his feet. There will come a time when you can't perform your duties as the Malfoy MatriarchÑ" "The staff knows exactly what to do when that time comes, but I fully intend to have Draco married before then. Even if I must force him. Scorpius needs a mother." "He also needs his father." Narcissa blinked at her vehemence. "It is not my son's duty to rear Scorpius at this age. He is too young and it is simply not proper. I raised Draco until his father stepped in to show him how to be a man." Hermione inwardly cringed at the thought of what those lessons might have entailed. "My mother raised my sisters and I. Should I have had a brother, my father would have shown him how to be a man at the proper age. Generations and generations of purebloods have been raised this way." Hermione had to focus on the simple act of pocketing her wand to physically stop herself from pointing out the flaws in her logic. Namely, the sort of person her traditions had brainwashed her son into becoming: a bigot, a bully, bred to believe he was better than everyone and taught to hate those who were different. Children weren't born with hate in their hearts. It was taught. Learned hate had rotted Draco Malfoy from within. That had been her doing. His parents' doing. And, in the end, it had also been their undoing. But perhaps Narcissa would teach Scorpius a new way. A better one. Maybe he would be raised to become a more tolerant person. Whether out of necessity or because she had truly seen the error in her ways. Hermione didn't know what the future heldÑnone of them didÑ but she was certain of one thing: Narcissa couldn't raise Scorpius as she had Draco and expect a different outcome. That was madness. "I don't understand your traditions. I was lucky to have both of my parents raise me together. That's the only life I know, just like this way is all you know. My parents are retired dentists, and I never wanted for anything. Though, they are quite different from one another. From my mother, I got my stubbornness, my fire, and my determination." Hermione knew those same similarities were why they were still not speaking. "But from my father, I learned to be proud of who I am. And I am still learning. I watch him paint and listen to music, which is teaching me to appreciate something I don't understand. I'm not certain who I would be without his presence or quiet guidance. I am thirty-one and I've never needed him more than I do now." "My son is a busy man. Busy with tasks of his own creation. He knows nothing about child rearing. Additionally, the threat we face daily isÑregardless, he has no time to invest in Scorpius, and given the state of things, it does not seem that he will in the near future either. But when it is proper, he will take over." Hermione gave herself time to think about her words and their customs before spewing her opinions everywhere. Which was growth from the person she once had been, the person who aired her opinions simply because she thought she was right. She swept the floors, feeling Narcissa's eyes on her all the while, watching her every move. "Has Scorpius spoken to you?" Narcissa asked in an uncharacteristic rush, almost as if she'd weighed her options and asking won out because she needed to know. "No." Hermione binned the dead petals and joined Narcissa on the sofa. "Why do you ask?" "I was advised his silence was a phase." "Advised by who?" "Sachs and Catherine." "Forgive me for asking, but what does Sachs know about children?" "What do you know about children?" Narcissa retorted with a supercilious head tilt. "You have experience with Harry Potter's children, yes, but you have none of your ownÑ" "I don't need to be a mother to recognise when a child is in pain, when they're lonely and isolated. Scorpius is all those things. Certainly, as his grandmother, you should see it, too." "Malfoys are resilient." "He's a child. He's not unbreakable," Hermione argued. "He is under significant and constant strain. The fact that he doesn't act out shouldn't make you believe he's fine. In fact, his silence should tell you that he's anything but! He's struggling and grieving and you all treat him like he's supposed to be fine." Narcissa looked shocked. "IÑ" "You treat him like he's supposed to move on and ignore the gaping hole in his life. Like he's supposed to do all the right things when his world is wrong. Narcissa, he lost his mother, and instead of helping him cope and thrive, you're smothering her out of him." She was both shaking with fury and overwhelmed with sadness. "You know how to tend to my flowers better than you know how to tend to your own grandson and that'sÑ" "I am not ignorant to this, Miss Granger. I have noticed." Her mouth tipped into a frown as she looked down at her hands in her lap. "I do understand what it is like to lose someone. I understand what it is like to grieve." "And that makes your treatment of him infinitely worse." The Summer Solstice was living up to its identity: the longest day of the year. Narcissa had left at the end of their session and Hermione had not followed. Instead, she'd watched the sun climb the morning sky. Had she not promised cheese toasties and an outdoor lunch to Scorpius or left her cactus, Hermione wouldn't have returned to the Malfoys' house. But she had and she did. According to Zippy, Narcissa had gone to a meeting with a potential wife and had taken Sachs with her. Hermione rolled her eyes, but was unable to focus on work. Instead, she made a trip to a Muggle bookstore close to the Malfoys' home, returning a short time later with her purchases. Two books. Hermione set an alarm, closed herself in her office in their home, and studied a subject she had never learned with single-minded focus. Sign language. When her alarm went off, Hermione brought the first book along with her to the kitchen to fix Scorpius' lunch. By the time she'd finished, Catherine came into the room looking harried. "I'm not going to make it for lunch today. I am revising Scorpius' lesson plan with Mr Graves. I'll send Scorpius down. You don't mind eating lunch with just him, do you?" "Of course I don't. Here, I made this for you." Hermione warmed the meal and Catherine accepted it with a gracious smile. "As for Scorpius, I owe him an outdoor lunch anyway." "Oh! He'll love that. He's not had a good day so far." Living proof of her statement entered the kitchen, looking sullen. Hermione offered a comforting smile. "Looks like it's just you and me for lunch today." There was a tiny spark in his eyes that filled her with hope. "Just one minute, okay?" Scorpius nodded and she turned to finish gathering everything she would need for them both. A juice for him from the refrigerator. Napkins. Her own meal and a fork. His plate of cheese toasties. Fresh cut fruit and vegetables. But when she turned back around, he wasn't there. Frowning, Hermione scanned the room, finding him on his knees by the coffee table. He was torn between the parchment he'd gone to fetch and the cactus. Hermione let him continue uninterrupted, observing as he placed his elbows on the edge of the table, head in his hands. His focus shifted to the leaning plant. There was a mix of careful examination and fascination in his eyes that made Hermione finally put everything down and join him. "It's a cactus." Hermione sat with her legs crossed. "They're prickly and they can hurt, so don't touch it, okay?" It was a warning she felt she needed to give, despite the charms she'd placed on the plant that morning. Scorpius gave a slow, careful nod, then turned his head as if he were trying to look at it straight. "They don't all look like this, but this one was sad when I found it so it leans." He looked at her, then back at the cactus. Small fingers ran along the bottom of the pot, his face pulled into a frown of genuine concern, as if he were trying to comfort it the only way he knew how. By holding on to it. Just as he held on to her. That familiar swell of emotions rose, affection that belonged only to Scorpius and the empathy he showed in the smallest of actions. His kindness she wanted so much to preserveÉ just as she had the cactus. They were the same in that way. Both silent when she found them, both dying to be noticed and accepted, both aloneÉ But not anymore. "Do you like it?" Her hand joined his on the pot, making the little boy lift his eyes to hers and nod as his mouth curved into a slow smile. "This little one isn't better yet, but he's safe and warm. The better he feels, the straighter he'll stand, and the stronger he'll get. He needs timeÉ and a friend. Like Albus is your friend." That made him look at the parchment. "Do you want to send a message?" Scorpius nodded but sighed. Hermione tried something else, remembering his problem with his father. "Do you not know what to say?" He only bit his lip and glanced at the marker, but that was as good as affirmation. "If Albus was here right now, what would you do?" He lifted his hand to wave and she smiled softly. "Okay, you'd say hi, so let's start there. Can you spell the word?" Scorpius nodded and gave her a nervous look when she handed him the spelled marker. He was learning everything a Malfoy should except a way to communicate. Until he was ready to use his voice, this would be his first lesson in reaching out. But not the last. "Albus wants to hear from you. It doesn't matter what the message says." The parallel between this moment and every morning Scorpius watched his father leave was something Hermione couldn't ignore. His acceptance of the marker with his left hand made her hopeful, and she looked on with bated breath as he wrote two letters at the centre of the page in a scrawl apt for a five-year-old. The word faded and disappeared, signifying the charm had worked. They looked at each other over the parchment, but what appeared several minutes later wasn't words. It was a picture. That looked likeÉ a chicken? Maybe? It was hideous, but that didn't matter because Scorpius laughed. It was open and pure. Hermione would never forget the sound. The hours it took to make this charmed parchment work were worth it. "Where are the rest of your special markers?" He scampered off to get them, returning with two handfuls. Scorpius laid them on the glass tabletop, then picked up and shook the parchment like she'd instructed days ago. Only then would the picture disappear. "Do you want to draw Albus a picture?" Scorpius nodded, face scrunching as he tried to figure out what to draw. "How about the cactus?" It didn't come out half bad. He'd coloured outside the lines a few times, and the cactus looked more like a weed with exaggerated spines, but the lean of the plant was right and Hermione was just as proud as Scorpius looked. Before it vanished, she added a little message for Albus Ñand likely Fleur, who was with himÑthat they were going to eat lunch and would be back after for more picture messages. "Time for lunch." Scorpius looked at the cactus, his face cycling through a series of emotions before he settled on determination. He stood and picked up the pot, blinking at her in such a way that told Hermione they were having a third guest for lunch. "Of course." When asked to choose between the grass and the table, he chose the former. Hermione found a blanket somewhere in the depths of her enchanted bag, and spread it out with magic. Scorpius set the potted cactus down carefully before he abandoned his blazer and shoes, neatly stacking them off to the side, and Hermione did the same. A quick decision made her rush back in to bring out only his lunchÑshe could eat laterÑand when she returned, Scorpius was still standing in the grass, cactus back in his hands, waiting for her. They sat cross-legged facing each other with the cactus in the grass next to Scorpius. Hermione watched him enjoy his cheese toasties, turning his face towards the sun after each bite. With his eyes shut tight, he looked at peace. She only interrupted him once to put a sunscreen charm on his face, arms, and legsÑsomething he didn't appreciate, making several displeased faces as she made sure he was completely protected from the rays of the sun. When she finished, Hermione did the same to herself. "Today is the longest day of the year." Scorpius lowered his head, confusion expressed clearly. "It's the day when the sun is out for the most hours. We're celebrating it now, by having lunch in the sun." The want to do more next solstice was there, coupled with the growing fierce desire for him to experience everything each day had to offer. He deserved it. Scorpius considered her words before he picked up his uneaten second half, offering it to her with a dimpling smile. He was sharing. "I made that for you." But Scorpius was more insistent, his hand trembling from the effort to hold it aloft. Hermione's smile faded. Refusal wasn't an option, so she accepted the offering graciously. "Thank you." There was a blush high on his cheeks while the little boy waited for her to take a bite, and only then did he resume eating his own. "It's delicious." In no time, they finished their halves and shared the fruits and vegetables at his insistence. "I want to show you something I'm going to learn with you." Scorpius was confused at first, even more when Hermione pulled out her sign language book and found the right letters to sign to him. "We're going to speak with our hands." She started with the same two letters he'd written to Albus on the magical parchment. A greeting. Hermione fumbled to match the drawings in the book while Scorpius looked on in growing curiosity. "H and I." Hermione signed the letters appropriately, better the second time. "Hi." That was it. She showed him again, speaking the word simultaneously. "Now you try it." Scorpius did so, one letter at a time. H-I. It was a start. Together they worked to get his fingers right, and when he did it correctly on his own, with understanding of what those two letters combined to mean, it felt like every bit of the beginning it was. Two letters they signed back and forth. One word exchanged until Scorpius' happiness was as bright as the sun. Ecstatic to be able to speak in his own way. "Do you want to learn more?" Scorpius nodded enthusiastically. They spent the rest of lunch learning the alphabet in a language that was new to them both. Communication in its most perfect form. By the time Hermione arrived at Pansy's Summer Solstice party, it was already alive with the spirit of the changing season. Theo's family home was situated on a plot of land that didn't exist on any map, and the grounds were just as grand as the Manor itself. After going through the additional security measures, Hermione walked down the stone steps that led to the party. She took a moment not only to look around at all the people having a good time, but also to see if she could spot any familiar faces without having to get lost in the crowd to do so. There were people everywhere. Pansy's theme had been solstice celebrations around the world. Hermione saw people celebrating around the bonfire at the far end of the grounds, others were on the other side with a replica of Stonehenge that was honestly impressive, and another group of people were dancing under a soundproof magical dome on the dance floor, where there was an enormous midsummer maypole covered in vines and flowers in the centre. Every table she saw was heavily decorated with flower centrepieces. Some guests were eating, and some were talking in groups. From the looks of itÑwith the long line of food itemsÑdinner hadn't been an organised affair. The guests could choose when and what to eat and when to enjoy the party. Most were choosing to enjoy the festivities. And their celebrations were made infinitely easier by the fountain of endlessly cascading cocktails laced with the inhibition potion. Around it were floating cups and spouts for guests to retrieve. It ended up being her first stop, if only to test her potion at work. After the first sip, Hermione was proud of herself. She didn't feel different. Just lighter and more relaxed. She needed that. Truly. Warm from a rare sunny day, the air was nice, despite the faint smell of ash from the bonfire. Sunset began to touch the sky, painting various shades of red, yellow, pink, and orange against the clouds; the heavens were as beautifully decorated as the party. Hermione wandered around looking for her friends, taking in the sights of witches dressed up to celebrate the changing season. Some she knew well enough to greet, like schoolmates from different years. Some she knew distantly from when she'd worked at the Ministry. Some she could hardly recall, only somewhat familiar faces from a time in her life she had been too overworked to remember. However, the vast majority were strangers. But that didn't stop some from looking as she passed and whispering to each other. News travelled fast, but Hermione was there to enjoy herself and refused to pay them much mind. The style of dress was eclectic at best, and it made her feel plain in her blue and white paisley romper that Pansy had magically hemmed to fall above her kneesÑtoo short for her comfort. Unfortunately, Hermione didn't have any other options, so there she was, with her romper, sandals, and a white flower crown atop her loose curls. Another floral headdress acted as a beacon that led her to her friends. Luna's. Who else would be wearing one as bold and large as hers? Luna was dressed like a fairy with an elaborate headdress, her long blonde hair flowing down her back. Neville stood at her side content in trousers, a white shirt, and an ivy crown of his own. He was the only man who'd dared. They were standing with Harry, Ginny, Ron, and Lisa Turpin, who was holding Ron's hand. HisÉ date? Good for him. "I finally made it." Ginny and Luna wrapped her in hugs first. "I didn't know you and Harry were coming." "We decided we needed a night to relax." Harry wrapped her in a hug. "This place is warded tighter than anything I've ever seen, including your home." That and the magical non.disclosure agreements every guest had to sign for ward admittance made them relax in a way Harry never had at public parties. "How did you find us?" "Do you really have to ask?" The group laughed while Luna smiled serenely. "We found Luna and Neville, then Ron and Lisa found us. We're just going to stay here and see who else Luna's headdress draws in, but so far it's mostly been strangers asking her how she made it." "The best way to meet friends," Luna said in her normal, dreamy lilt. "Where's Pansy?" Hermione tried to look around but there were too many people. Ginny made a wide gesture all around them. "Somewhere out there making my brother's life difficult by quite literally dancing around him. I'd be more defensive if he didn't like the challenge." "Still trying to figure out how that happened without me noticing." Ron frowned deeply. They all looked at him with varying degrees of disbelief, and everyone's response was simultaneous: "I knew." Even Lisa had joined in, much to everyone's shock. "I saw them getting dinner last week." "Mad world." Ron shook his head. "I even saw Draco Malfoy around here." A slightly alarmed Ginny began nudging her brother in the arm repeatedly, but he ignored her. "He was glaring at everyone who tried to speak to him like the self-righteous tosser he is." Harry and Lisa's eyes bugged, but Hermione frowned in confusion. "Who invited that wanker anyway?" "I did." An irritated voice came from behind her. Hermione looked over her shoulder and found exactly why Ginny had been hitting her brother in warning: Pansy. Not that he listened, but at least Ron had the decency to look chastened. Slightly. Pansy wore a floral dress with matching red flowers adorning her head, her short curls brushing her shoulders. With her arms folded and Percy at her back, she directed her anger at Ron. "He's one of my oldest and best friends, this is my party, and we're fucking adults, so enough with all the childish bullshit." The inhibition potion was working just fine for Pansy. "If you have a problemÑ" Percy rested his hands on her arms, dipped his head, and murmured something in her ear that clearly didn't make her happy, but she did stop. Barely. It was a feat considering her deep scowl. "How long have you been here, Granger?" She acted as if the exchange hadn't happened even though they were all staring at them in varying degrees of incredulity. "Not long." Two could play that game. "How did you find us?" "I think everyone could see her from the moon." Luna smiled brightly. Conversation stretched to capacity then stalled to the point where everyone just stood around watching the party. Luna announced that she wanted to dance around the maypole, and it started a domino effect where each declared an activity they wanted to do. Ginny wanted to go with Luna. Lisa wanted to drag Ron over for photos at the life-sized Stonehenge, but he wanted to eat with Neville, Percy, and Harry, so she spotted some people she knew and left to speak to them. Hermione wasn't keen on any of those activities so Pansy dragged her off to socialise. Before they broke off, each of them wished each other a Happy Solstice with air kisses. Ron's had been a little awkward, but that was to be expected. For what felt like an hour, she and Pansy wandered around the party. They ran into Blaise and Padma at the bonfire, with Susan sipping a drink a few feet away. They all watched the flames that had been spelled into different animals and shapes. The sight would be even more captivating after Last Light and late into the night. The energy of the party was electric, the food was great, and the inhibition potion made conversation easier with friends and strangers alike. It was fun. Even Theo had made an appearance, despite his hatred of large crowds, and was talking to Cho off to the side at tables. And when Pansy said hello to ChoÑwithout grimacingÑshe knew it was going to be a good night. The only downside was McLaggen, who had approached her the moment she'd separated from Pansy, and tried to steal her away for a dance as though she hadn't seen him four days ago snivelling in the Ministry. The bastard. She cast a wandless Leg-Locker Jinx that made her escape back to Pansy's side easier. "Who invited him?" "He probably came as someone's plus one and ditched her." That sounded like something he would do. "He's still subject to the same non-disclosure clause and the security measures, so don't worry about him. If he steps a toe out of line, I'll have security escort him out." Pansy pointed out all the security team members in the area. They blended into the crowd perfectly. It was impressive. While continuing their exploration of Pansy's vision come to life, they spotted a gathering of familiar witches crowded together watching something. Ever the nosy person, Pansy had to investigate, sliding into the thick of it and pulling Hermione along. "What's goingÑoh fuck yes, this is perfection." Hermione stepped between her and what turned out to be Padma, who was cringing hard at the sight of her sister flirting with an unresponsive Draco Malfoy. "Please tell me I'm dreaming," Padma groaned. "This is not a dream." Pansy looked entirely too amused. "This is better than that time she flirted with that diplomat at my Winter Solstice party." Hermione remembered it vividly. "Is that when she thought she was getting somewhere with him, but he didn't speak English?" "That's the one!" "I hate you both." Padma's response earned her a blown kiss from a wickedly happy Pansy. Hermione laughed, but it faded when she took in the sight for herself. Malfoy's face might have been blank, but she caught slight hints of his bewilderment as he glanced at Parvati every few seconds, a frown marring his face. They were seated at an empty table surrounded by other empty tables. Malfoy was dressed in his usual all black while Parvati, who was smiling maniacally, wore colourful silk robes. Oddly enough, he hadn't dismissed her yet, but he was eyeing her strangely. "She's bolder than me!" Another woman laughed. Hermione couldn't recall her name for all the Galleons in her vault. "Fit or not, he looks like he'd snatch the soul from my body." "I think that's what she's aiming for." Lisa Turpin snorted. "Only with his cock." The two giggled until Pansy glared. "Don't be crude." "His mother is auctioning him off to the most advantageous bidder," Lisa pointed out, much to Pansy's growing ire. "I guarantee people say worse things about him. I've heard worse about him. They say his wife died to get awayÑ" "That's uncalled for." Padma spoke up before Hermione could. "Don't speak of anything you don't know." As Blaise's fiancŽ, for the first time, she wondered what Padma knew. "He's a fucking person who lost his wife seven months ago." Pansy took a dangerous step towards Lisa. The others around her shrank back. "Have some fucking decency." "I'm not saying anything other people aren't already thinking." Lisa boldlyÑor stupidlyÑ stood her ground. "And thanks to this potion you provided, and the fact that I've had a few doses, I'm being far more honest than I normally would." "That's not how the potion works," Hermione interjected. "It's a low dose inhibition potion. No matter how many drinks you have, it will not make the effects more severe. It only works once and lasts until Last Light. It might make you greet someone you don't like or speak your mind in a way you normally wouldn't, but it's not a truth serum nor is it strong enough to make you act like an arse." Padma smothered her amusement with a cough, peeked at her sister, who was still doing cringeworthy things to get Malfoy's attention, then buried her face in her hands and groaned. Lisa's focus was on Hermione. "And how would you know this?" "I brewed it myself." That silenced her quickly. Padma peeked through her fingers once more before covering her eyes with both hands again. "Oh, Merlin. She's doing that lean she does when she wants someone to see her cleavage. Someone should go save her." "I would"ÑPansy adjusted her flower crownÑ"but I'm not certain who I would be saving." Hermione snorted in agreement, but it died when Malfoy's eyes found hers. An unfamiliar jolt shot up her spine at being caught in the group that was watching him. It was patently ridiculous. She was one of nine, but he didn't look at any of them, not even Pansy. Only her. He turned his attention to the Stonehenge replica and the moment passed. Hermione inhaled to regain her composure. "I-I should also mention she's your sister." "Is she?" Padma shrilled. "Our parents won't show me the proof." "Poor Draco looks ready to beat himself over the head with the centrepiece," Pansy wheezed, clapping her hands. "Remind me to extract this memory later." "Oh, she's standing up!" a different witch announced and they all quieted down to watch. "Thank Merlin!" Padma cheered, but her sister didn't hurry over. Parvati stood there while Malfoy sipped his drink, staring at him with a blatant determination that was dressed up as a bad idea. "Oh no. No, no, no, no, no." "Oh, yes." Pansy was the worst. Hermione wasn't certain what the bad idea would be until Parvati attempted it. She leaned towards Malfoy, lips puckered in preparation to wish him a Happy Solstice with an air kissÑthe same thing Hermione had done with each person she'd spoken to (save McLaggen). Her heart stopped for one second during the horribly awkward moment with the quiet hope that Parvati would at least survive without embarrassing herself any further. In the end, it ended up being every bit as awkward as Pansy hoped it would be. When Parvati got too close, Malfoy recoiled so hard he ended up on his feet, frowning deeply with distaste before walking off without a second glance. Parvati pouted her way over to her sister's open arms. The group of onlookers scattered. Padma patted the back of her head like one would a small child. "There, there. You did your best." "I thought I was getting somewhere with him." Parvati whinged. "He didn't even say anything abrasive or rude." "Wait, he didn't? What did he say?" "Nothing. He just looked at me, which was bloody hot." "Sweet Circe, how is this my life?" Pansy smacked her own forehead. "Look, Patil Number Two: the only place you were going was to the reject pile." Hermione and Padma glared. "What?" Pansy asked innocently. "She did this to herself." "I can't help it, it's in my blood." She exhaled an enamoured sigh. "I'm a sucker for a gorgeous man with excellent bone structure and a glare that can stop the Hogwarts Express." "That wasÉ oddly specific," Hermione quipped. "He's a dick," Padma reminded her sister. "You know this. You said that before you approached him after he rejected that other woman." "Wait?" Pansy's fascination was piqued. "There were others?" "Nine of them," Padma said. "All back to back. Simpering and smiling too wide. All trying to give him a solstice kiss." "I thought I'd be lucky number ten," Parvati whinged. "I don't think it works like that." Hermione gathered her hair over her shoulder. "Well, look at it this way, it could have gone a lot worse." "Could it have?" Parvati raised her head, looking hopeful. "Do you think he fancies me?" "Not one bloody tenth of a chance." When Hermione glared at Pansy for being harsh, she blinked innocently. "What? I was being nice when I rounded it up to a tenth." Pansy had suggested that Hermione visit the Stonehenge replica before dark. She promised a stunning sight, and the prospect was interesting enough for her to take the westward walk. Sunset was in full effect, a stunning display of vivid colours. Oranges and yellows dominated the expanse, bits of lavenders and pinks layered in. From her vantage point, it looked like heaven. The voices of the guests were a blur in the background until she stepped between the stone pillars. Then it was silentÑstillÑlike she was the only person in the entire world. Alone in time and space. But that wasn't true. Standing between two pillars across from her, facing the sunset, was Draco Malfoy. Hermione was transfixed. She couldn't see his face, could hardly see anything except the shadow his body cast, but knew it was him. Before she could even think to leave, she approached, shielding her eyes from the sunlight as she passed the stone bench. From the way he stoodÑstraight and tall with his hands behind his backÑto the way the breeze played with his hair, there was an energy pulsing about him that couldn't be replicated, an aura of solitude that Hermione was drawn to like plants seeking the sun's warmth. Hermione joined him and Malfoy didn't seem surprised by her intrusion. "Is it like the real thing?" She broke the new silence, a breeze lifting her curls gently. "Yes," he replied without looking. Still focused. "It's stunning." Hermione leaned against a pillar, taking in the sight of eternity bathed in the soft warmth. Then she looked up, surprised to find that the Stonehenge replica not only looked like stone, but it felt like it too. Sturdy and strong. "I'm surprised no one is here." "They turned around when they saw me and left when I came in." Malfoy looked at her for the first time. Their eyes held steady as the wind touched his hair. "But not you." Lost for words, she rolled the tension off her shoulders as best as she could. "I came to enjoy the sight, regardless of the company. There's enough of it for us both to share." Malfoy made a noncommittal noise and returned to the sight. "I suppose I should thank you in person for what you said." "I spoke the truth. Besides, you've thanked me enough by making my tea each morning since. I should thank you. It's one less thing I have to do." She touched her flower crown to make sure it was secure, peering over at the wizard. "How do you know the different ways I take my tea?" "It's not hard, Granger. I'm observant." "So, you watch me." "Like I've saidÑ" Malfoy looked at her. The softness provided by the sunset shifted, casting part of his face in shadow. "I'm observant of all things in my line of sight. Not just you." His chuckle was meant to ease the tension, but it served to do the exact opposite. "How arrogant of you." "I suppose I am. Or perhaps my statement was a mere observation." "You do love those." "I do." She surprised herself by smiling lightly. "And what do you observe now?" Hermione took in his attire. Far too rigid for the party, but it was casual for him. Malfoy had even unfastened the top two buttons of his dress shirt between his exit from Parvati's clutches and now. She returned her attention to the splendour of the last vestiges of light. "I'm just enjoying the sunset. Nothing more." "I find that hard to believe." "Contrary to your opinion, I do know how to relax." Hermione smirked. "Funny, my mother says otherwise." "I'm certain your mother says a lot about me." "You would be correct." Malfoy's lilt of humour played off the slight smirk on his face. "I'm not certain what you said to her earlier, but she was in quite a mood." "She pushed and pushed until she got what she wanted: my complete opinion. Simple as that." But not really and they both knew it. "And here I was thinking she had learned all about your opinions and would stop challenging you. It's like she's a glutton for punishment." "What does that mean?" She folded her arms across her chest, fully prepared to defend herself. As always. "Nothing." Malfoy returned to the sun, but Hermione's attention remained on him. Remnants of his vanished smirk remained. "My mother rants about you endlessly around others, though not as much as of late. At least not until today." She snorted inelegantly. "I haven't seen her in such a state since youÑwhat did you say again?" He chuckled. "Ah yes. I won't fake it or play a role just to appeal to or please a man. My mother ranted about the decline of proper, traditional witches for weeks." "It wasn't my best moment." Embarrassed, Hermione looked away, tucking her hair behind her ear in a fruitless act. Her ankle had temporarily paid for her pride. Malfoy unclasped his hands from behind him and slowly rolled his shoulders. "Did you brew the inhibition potion by following the directions in a book?" Hermione had not expected the change of subject. "Yes." "Pity." "It's brewed correctly, that's all that matters." "Once again, Granger." There was that biting timbre of his, crawling up Hermione's spine. "Just because a potion is done correctly, doesn't mean that you've brewed it to its best quality." "I remember this argument." She pushed herself off the stone. "My opinion on experimentation might have changed slightly, but tonight, for the sake of discussion, I'll bite. I haven't heard any complaints about my potion. Do you not feel anything?" "I feel relaxed, a bit loose-tongued. Different, but not horribly so. Granger, you've clearly brewed the potion correctly according to the potions book. However, if brewed to its full potential, I wouldn't feel any differentÉ I'd just be at ease. I wouldn't be able to keenly point out when my words are being affected by the potion. Like now." "Not everyone has as many reservations as you." "That's for the best, I think. Don't you?" Another probing look that made Hermione shift her weight. "I'm just as much as the bastard I was in school. Believe me." "In ways, I suppose that's true." Hermione shrugged. "But also not." "You think after a few conversations you know me so well, but I guarantee you don't." "I can guarantee that, too, but it's not for lack of trying." That was too honest of a statement for her liking. Hermione internally scowled, but allowed her eyes to trail down the sleeve of his shirt that covered his secrets. "You're a hard man to figure out." Malfoy flinched. "I'm not that difficult." Hermione barked out a laugh. "I don't believe that for aÑ" "I am, however, particular about who and what I spend my time and energy on." More of that reluctant honesty was on display, much to their mutual discomfort. "I prefer quality not quantity, and I won't entertain anything that's not real." There were layers in his words, deep ones that reached the very core of his character. While fascinating to hear, they would be even better to think about when she had the energy to pick their conversation apart like she had each one before. But the setting sun had taken some of the reds and oranges with it, leaving behind the lighter hues. Last Light was coming. "Weasley wanted me to inform you that the next meeting is in one week. That is, if you haven't changed your mind about stepping out of the shadows." "I haven't." "After all this time, why now?" His question requestedÑno, demandedÑan answer. "I meant every word I said in the Wizengamot chambers. That's the only reason you need to know." She narrowed her eyes. "But what happened to working around the corruption in order to suit your own needs? You argued with me yet you've been fighting it all along." "I meant what I said that day, butÉ" The corners of his mouth twitched as he fought the potion's hold on his reservations. He shut his eyes. One second passed. Then another. Then thirty. "You shouldn't fight it so hard." Hermione's voice was low, privateÑwords spoken just for him. "But I suppose that's all you know." Fighting and pain, loneliness and duty. "Scorpius would like this." Hermione changed the subject. "He likes the sun. I had lunch with him outside today." "I know." There was weight in those two words that spoke yet again to the small scope of her overall knowledge regarding the ins and outs of what happened all around her. "He wasn't upset by your presence?" Deep down, she knew why Malfoy was asking. She knew what he was searching for. A solution. Hermione wondered if she wasn't the only one who had witnessed Scorpius sneaking glimpses each day. "He'sÉ" Malfoy's eyes were heavy, searching. He wanted to know what she was going to say about his son. "Scorpius isÉ" Kind. Headstrong. Inquisitive. Intelligent. Compassionate. Scorpius was a deep well of emotions that were starting to want out, the sort of child that kept his father's notes as close as his father kept the sentiments he felt on his armÑboth for the same reason. Maybe it was potions-induced, maybe it was the warmth of the air, or the heat of the dying sun that relaxed her, but her response was the very last thing that came to mind. "He's not what I expected, but neither are you." His attention returned to the picturesque sky, but she could see the wheels turning as he seemed to extrapolate the bits of their conversation he would tuck away in his memory for later analysis, too. Despite his claims of simplicity, Malfoy was too complex for Hermione to comprehend. Every action called to mind more questions, especially about the distance he kept. Because when she put together the clues, the subtleties, and the heavy emotions she had read to Scorpius in a short noteÉ Distance was the last thing he wanted. Why keep it? Tonight wasn't the time to muse. She needed to find her friends before the fireworks started. This was a good plan. A solid plan. Perhaps if the potion wore off it would ease the juxtaposition of feelings that had settled in her gut. She hoped so. If Hermione had to place responsibility on something for her next action, she'd blame everything except herself. It was a habit, based on an entire evening of completing the same action after every interaction. Hermione moved without thinking, stepping next to Malfoy and using his arm for support as she lifted on the tips of her toes to wish him a Happy Solstice with an air kiss. But it turned into something else. An unfamiliar set of lips pressed clumsily against hers when Malfoy turned his head. Hermione retreated from the contact, an apology on her next breath, but his eyes stopped her. Not the colour or closeness, but the fact that there was no ice. Only heat. Fire. It was spreading unchecked. Dulled defences made Malfoy soft around hard edges. As he searched her eyes, she noticed those coarse lines were still there, only smoother. A sign of erosion. What he discovered, Hermione wasn't sure, but he leaned in with a hesitancy that guided each movement; a series of pauses until he was just a breath away. Hands cupped her face, lips ghosting hers once. Twice. Hermione parted hers in a second attempt at an apology, unconsciously lifting her chin just as Malfoy exhaled and kissed her fully. There was an undercurrent of rigidity caused by unfamiliarity and uncertainty, but his resolve was evident. Air rushed from Hermione's lungs, her body went rigid. She knew she needed to reject him, but instead allowed Malfoy to explore with a series of slow, closed-mouth kisses. A warm-up to the main event. One that promised to be electric. Thrilling. Dangerous. The reason Hermione opened herself to the experience was selfish. She wanted to explore him, but without the responsibility that came with such an act. Without the weight of the consequences that came with such a person. Hermione drafted excuses, laid them bare, andÉ It was natural to fall into him. Warm and firm, it was all too easy to kiss him, to keep kissing him, to grip his shirt and ground herself before she floated into the stratosphere. Hermione shut her eyes and catalogued each sensation. The ferocious pounding in her head. The fluttering in her stomach that she couldn't associate with nerves. Only excitement. It was human nature to seek connection, knowledge, and meaning through an avenue as primal as touch. And for once, she stopped denying her hunger for it. Hermione wanted to be seen. Ravenous for a belonging that was all hers. Proof that she wasn't alone. To feel something. Anything. Her feelings were natural as sheÑafter a few mishaps with noses and anglesÑbegan working Malfoy's mouth open with hers, feeling each new sensation as they rolled in like the tide. An electric tingle ran through her veins when she moved a hand to Malfoy's chest, right over his heart, and felt the way it thumped against her palm. His pulse pounded, just like hers. It was the potions. The silence. The atmosphere. The charge from their conversation. The setting sun and its energy. It was the faint smell of ash from the bonfire. Or perhaps it was a combination of nothing and everything that created the need for her to squirm and struggle against the rising emotions in her chest. The hard clench of her belly. The want. The beat of her heart, the pulse in her veins, the breath in her lungs. It all reminded her, chanting repeatedly, that this was Malfoy kissing her. Malfoy touching her. Malfoy with whom she had fallen into a rhythm of lips and hands, a delicious push and pull, a sharp rise and a steep fall. Malfoy that had her heart lodged in her throat, had her hands shaking from the stress and strain of angling her head just so. But it was also Malfoy that blindly walked them backwards, still holding on, kissing her thoroughly, not breaking the tenuous new connection. Not even when his legs hit the back of the stone bench Hermione had all but forgotten about. He sat and pulled her between his open legs, angling his head up, tilting hers downÉ And yes. Yes. This could be it. Aside from talking and arguing, breathing and sighing, kissing each other may have been what their mouths were made for. But that wasn't right. This meant nothing. It couldn't. "Am I too heavy?" Hermione whispered when he shifted her on his lap for the third time. His look left made her unsteady, like she might sway if not for him beneath her. Malfoy never answered; he swallowed her question with a kiss so shockingly uncertain it hurt. But it was easy to use that hesitancy to assert herself, to guide him into kissing her exactly the way she wanted, showing him what she liked, letting him unlock herÑjust this once. It was selfish the way Hermione took and took without giving much in return. Why did he let her? Why didn't he push for more? Malfoy was restrained. Contained. Constricted. Tense. He always was, so why did she keep hoping for something different? Why did she want more? She knew better than to tickle a sleeping dragon, but Hermione did anyway. "I won't break, Draco." Her harsh, throaty whisper sounded unfamiliar to her own ears; it made heat course through her veins and pool low in her belly. It was honesty, both from her own words and the permission she granted with them, that sparked the flames. And they spread. When Malfoy's eyes sharpened, his grip tightened, and his hand left its respectable place on her thigh to slide low on her hip, that was when Hermione realised that she might have a containment issue. The fire was stronger. Unavoidable. Undeniable. Careful kisses morphed into something achingly deep and hungry. It ravaged her, drawing and pulling as Malfoy allowed himself to take what he hadn't thought he could. But, just for now, she didn't fight it. Or him. And Malfoy received the message because his hesitation continued to shed with every passing second, every soft breath she took, and her own melted away as the delicious warmth burned hotter. It was good. The tingling of his hands, holding her in place like an anchor. So good. The way he nipped her at her lower lip and pulled, none too gently, enough to make her jolt. Too good. A perfect pressure that accompanied his tongue, which slipped in unchecked and brushed against hers. Alarm bells sounded as Hermione let herself burn. Touching more of him. Feeling him. Connecting with him. Listening to the deep noises he made as their lips and tongues touched and retreated before crashing against each other once more. Like an irresistible force that had met an immovable object. And sure, Hermione had instigated it, pushed him, woke him, but now it was Malfoy that changed everything from too good to devastating. From a spark to a blaze that was now burning unchecked. This was a problem, but an errant thought passed through her mind. Let go. Stop thinking. It's nothing. Hermione knew she shouldn't listen, but she was curious. Of course she was. It was natural to wonder about something she hadn't truly done, about something that didn't fit into the boxes of definable reason in her world. Malfoy didn't fit, but neither did her intrigue with him. Perhaps this was the chosen language for the translation of her curiosity. A language of touch and sensation, which teased the coils of connection and pleasureÑcommunication at the depths of their souls. But there was no analysis needed in communication, just words and expressions, feelings, and touch. Instinct without thoughtÉ Let go. Just this once. Hermione both relaxed and surged up against him, crooking both arms around his neck, and it made something in Malfoy shift. He pulled back and watched her, eyes nearly black, cheeks flushed with colour. Hermione's vision blurred along the edges as she succumbed to what she wanted. More. Everything. Malfoy exhaled shakily into her mouth, each kiss more insistent than the last. All teeth and tongue and so much more of what she wanted. What she found. It was passion, a growing fire; a feeling of emotional exposure neither of them were prone to expressing in their daily life. But Hermione held him just as tight as he began pushing into places he'd not yet explored, with a tentative ease he shouldn't possess. It was fascinating how someone so outwardly cold could feel so warm. Hermione abandoned the errant thought in favour of focusing on his trembling hands as they squeezed her, gripping her with a roughness that spoke of his slipping control. It was okay. Of course, it was. She wanted it. All of it. And when it came together in a stunning way, when his hand slipped between her thighs ever so briefly, the shock of it made Hermione moan his name, clench her thighs, and breathe in the smoke of him like she needed it. Like he wasn't killing her. But it was the cheers of Last Light that doused their flames. Cheers that accompanied the effects of the potion bleeding from her veins. Malfoy felt it too and stiffened against her as they woke from a fever dream at the same time. They parted for a final time and, to Hermione's surprise, Malfoy didn't immediately push her off, nor did he let her go. To be fair, she hadn't either, not trusting the frazzled connections between her brain and heart and limbs to give her the strength to stand on her own. It was awkward when they did separate, looking everywhere except at each other as they fixed the wrinkles in their clothes. Hermione fanned the heat from her face like it was really going to make a difference. When she finally chanced a glance at Malfoy and found him back to normal, save the flush he'd taken on, his hair he'd unsuccessfully tried to fix, and the jittery energy he emitted. "Can weÑ" "Forget about it?" Hermione shifted to expend the overflow of her energy. "Of course we can. It makes sense." She fixed her crooked flower crown, feeling self-conscious, words spilling out of their own accord. "I know you're notÑwell, not with me. Never mind. It's fine. It was nothing." Malfoy's flinch was nearly imperceptible, but she caught the ghost of a flex along his jaw, his shoulders. She had no idea how to process that. Or anything. Shite. Where was everyone? "Anyway, Happy Solstice, Malfoy. Sorry about allÉ that." With an odd ache in her chest, Hermione left. Indecision weighed heavy on her. When she turned to face it, Malfoy was already gone. Then the fireworks started. All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream. Edgar Allan Poe Kiss 2 Kiss 3 Kiss 4 Kiss 5 Kiss 5 Kiss 7 Source: Jaxxinthebox Chapter End Notes A/N: First things first, phew! Been waiting for this for ages for this chapter. Anyway, hope you all enjoyed this chapter! The ride continues. Just a quick FYI: Hermione's take on BSL sign language will not be perfect. She's not proficient, she's learning from books alongside him and begins teaching him simply as a way to communicate simple words and phrases without speaking. Scorpius can hear. How she teaches him will be fundamentally different from how a deaf person learns sign language or even how he would learn sign language from someone already fluent. Embedded art by Jaxx-in-a-box [ Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Art for this chapter: Hermione & Scorpius Playing by siriusly.drawing Chapter17: Shades of Grey Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for more notes Seventeen Shades of Grey June 24, 2011 Keeping secrets required constant vigilance and deception, the ability to suppress all thoughts and prevent accidents. Hermione learned after years in the Ministry and being Harry's friend that the problem with keeping secrets wasn't hiding something, it was that she had to live with it and think about it every day. Catherine was no secret keeper. She was, in fact, the mole feeding Malfoy information about Hermione's interactions with Scorpius. Which was fine. Hermione had nothing to hide. But it was something to keep in the pocket of her memory during their conversations. She had no idea how in depth Catherine's reports were, though she was curious to find out, but that was a conversation for another day because right now, there was something going on. The instant Catherine entered the room, Hermione knew she had a secret. A big one. She was so excited she could barely contain herself. If Catherine smiled any wider her face might crack. The combination of her energy and grin struck Hermione as odd; she had never gotten the impression that Catherine, despite her age and talkative tendencies, was an excitable person. Hermione wasn't the only one puzzled either. Scorpius stared at his nanny with narrowed suspicion that would have been humorous had he not appeared wary and anxious as well. He wasn't the sort that handled vast changes inÑwell anything. His nervousness took form in his hand grasping the ends of her cardigan. It made her ache. Scorpius' world had been altered too much, too quick, with little conversation or warning. How was he to know what was expected of him if the behaviours of those constantly around him kept changing? Hermione felt anxious at the mere thought, but that was Scorpius' reality. Momentarily, she distracted his rising panic by nudging the cactus into his line of sight; the same plant Narcissa had been glaring at all week during shared meals. Her opinions about the cactus could fill tomes, but to Hermione's infinite surprise, the Malfoy Matriarch had not said anything about their succulent guest outside of the occasional scowl or dignified eye roll. Still, the cactus diversion worked. Scorpius focused on it instead of the erratic, exuberant energy emanating from his nanny. With her eyes, Hermione tried to signal for her to stop grinning so hard, but Catherine didn't seem to understand. She held that crazed look until NarcissaÑafter finishing breakfast, potions, and diagnostic testingÑleft with Sachs and security for a day of schmoozing with other society matrons and their eligible daughters. Even after she was gone, Catherine still waited another full minute to speak, eagerly watching the doorway. Just in case. Hermione barely paid her any mind, too busy observing Scorpius, who appeared more relaxed now that he was focusing on his prickly new friend. He then eyed his scrambled eggs with cheese and spinach with suspicion. She was attempting an experiment to test what he would willingly eat. Hermione had made the combination for herself, and at the time, Scorpius had seemed intrigued, but now that it was on his plate, she wondered if his interest had been exclusively due to it being hers. When he began to reach for his toast, covered in blueberry jam, then pulled back, she pointedly cleared her throat, which made him pause and sheepishly ducked his head, taking his first reluctant bite. They had an agreement. After yesterday's hiding episodeÑwhen not even Hermione could find himÑthey agreed to no hiding and breakfast. The cactus had been a last-minute addition. His reward? A second lunch outside with food that didn't require table manners. And when his eyes widened at the first bite of the mix, it became all too obvious that he had won the better end of the deal. She didn't mind. It wasn't about winning or losing; it was about him. Fondness swelled in Hermione as she watched Scorpius enjoy his breakfast. Catherine excused herself but Hermione barely noticed her exit. A bit of jam dribbled down his chin, landing on the napkin they both wore to protect their shirtsÑsomething Scorpius insisted on, despite Narcissa's argument about it not being proper. Hermione Vanished the stain. He signed his appreciation with a sign they had both learned on Monday, tapping his chin while wearing the barest hint of a secret smile. "Okay!" Catherine returned to her seat. "Narcissa's gone and I have so much to tell you." Despite her personal irritation with the young witch and the questions forming in her mind, insatiable curiosity would always be Hermione's vice. She gestured for the witch to continue. "What is it?" "Narcissa called an early morning meeting to inform us of the adjustments we are to make to Scorpius' schedule." The subject of the conversation froze, looking to Hermione with wide eyes. Not that it mattered, she was already indignant on his behalf. She nearly cast a Muffliato to privately voice her irritation with the fact that everyoneÑespecially CatherineÑtalked about Scorpius like he wasn't there. Like he wasn't absorbing every little thing like a sponge. Like he couldn't understand. But he damn well could. In fact, he understood some things better than the adults. "Sorry." Catherine had clearly noticed her shifting mood. "It's a good change that he needs to know." She gave a leery Scorpius a soft smile meant to make him feel better, but he only looked more distrustful. "Oh?" "Yes. Narcissa gave us the liberty to stagger his schedule. We'll be alternating subjects every other day." Well, that was a surprise. Hermione barely maintained control of her jaw. Catherine was giddy with excitement. "It's to allow him an hour and a half of free time in the morning, which will include lunch, and half an hour in the afternoon." Hermione's heart fluttered at the prospect, but like Scorpius, she was highly suspicious. This was obviously Narcissa's response to their argument, but she had no idea if the witch was being genuine or simply felt guilty. Honestly, though, did it matter? No. Either way the end results would benefit ScorpiusÉ He was mid-chew on his eggs, cheeks puffed, blinking slowly as if he were trying to decode a cypher. "Mind your manners, Scorpius." For her comment, Catherine received a blank look from her charge and a fierce look from Hermione that either she didn't register or chose to ignore. "When Mrs Malfoy told me, I went and bought as many toys as I could think of to entertain him for his break today." "Ah?" Hermione drifted back to a conversation with Theo that involved a children's dictionary. "Yes, we're going to have so much fun!" There was an energy about her that was endearingÉ and completely lost on Scorpius. His eyes awkwardly cut from his nanny to Hermione. He didn't need to sign for her to see that he was asking for help. "I would take it slow?" It wasn't a suggestion as it was abjectly steering Catherine from her original plan, but her grin was still present, and it was clear she was already planning all manner of activities for him. "Or maybe just let him draw pictures to Albus." Her smile didn't fade and Hermione's finite patience was reaching its natural end. "Perhaps one toy. You don't want to overwhelm him." "That sounds quite dull." Catherine waved her off dismissively. "He's a child, Miss Granger. I've never met one that only played with one thing." Scorpius tapped Hermione on the arm to show her that he'd finished his food. "Nicely done. I'll take your plate." He would walk it over to the sink if she didn't tell him otherwise. He removed the napkin from his neck, folding it neatly before offering it to her. Hermione used it to clean the bit of jelly that had accumulated on the corner of his mouth. He didn't mind, just sat there patiently with his head tilted up until she finished. "There you go." Hermione absently swept back a bit of fringe that had fallen on his forehead. "Are you ready for today?" Whatever good mood he had been in instantly vanished when the little boy sombrely nodded, which didn't exactly inspire confidence that he wouldn't sneak off to the cupboard the first chance he got. But it would have to do. "Remember our deal?" Scorpius signed yes. Only four lessons in and the amount of single words he'd retained was amazing. Before Hermione could respond, Catherine spoke up, sounding animated in a way that would appeal to most children. "We're going to have a great day, right Scorpius?" He blinked. "We're going to learn about history, art, and maths before you get to play." Expressive blue eyes shot over to her, mouth forming an O shape while his nanny missed every uneasy cue. "That's right, you get to play today. Are you excited?" Scorpius' glazed confusion seemed ominous. Hermione mustered cautious optimism but prepared for the worst. Experimentation began with motivation. A need to solve a problem. Most would say that it began with a hypothesis, but Hermione felt it was currently too soon for prediction. To her, experimentation truly began with a detailed understanding of one's material, a gathering of relevant knowledge so she could perform a full review to organise and condense it into something easily digestible. Symptoms and causes. Diagnoses and suggested treatmentsÑboth magical and Muggle. Recommended potions and the list of ingredients in each. She included a drafted summary of the last three months of Narcissa's progress along with results of diagnostic charms and copies of her brain scans spanning from diagnosis to the most recent. Everything was arranged and copied for Roger. For his case study of Narcissa. The only thing Hermione left out was the theoretical analysis: her research into building a potion and notes regarding the magic involved in the process. That combined with the information from Charles' failures might one day lead to a success. She had tested a few options and failed, but she was learning the art of creating a brew. Roger reviewed everything while drinking coffee. "The patient's brain scans don't show much change from diagnosis to now." Something that surprised Hermione as well, given the rough road thus far. "This is good." He took another sip of his coffee, never letting his eyes wander from the notes in front of him. "What have you been doing?" "Potions. It's a blend already used to treat patients with her form of dementia by American Healers, but I've tweaked hers to account for several other factors, including weight. Furthermore, I make certain she engages in physical activity. I've monitored her diet, mental stimulation, stress levels, among other things. It's all there in my report." "Snape assigned shorter essays than this." He chuckled in amusement. "It will take a while to read." "I wanted to be thorough." Hermione shrugged, but she could still feel her cheeks warm with the stain of awkwardness that came with overachievement. "I appreciate that." Roger finally set the parchments down and met her anxious gaze. "Which is why I have no qualms in asking if you've changed your mind about the Head Researcher position." "No, I haven't." "Very well." He sighed. "There will always be a position for you. All you have to do is ask." "I'll keep that in mind." "These are the candidates we have in mind to recruit for the position and I'd like your opinion, at the very least." Roger pulled out his desk drawer and retrieved a parchment for her to review. "I believe some of the names are familiar to you as you've been in contact with them. I'd like your opinion." Hermione leisurely skimmed each candidate's credentials, rejecting one after another until her eyes fell on a familiar name. "Charles Smith would be a good fit. He's incredibly knowledgeable and helped me immensely when I began working with Narcissa. We're still in communication." Pulling the profile from the stack, she brought it to the front before handing it back. "As far as the rest? No." "Thank you." Hermione left Roger's office thirty minutes later and stopped by Theo's to drop off the loose tea leaves she'd wrapped up for him earlier that day. Her timing was impeccable. He wasn't in meetings with the board or with the Security Team and Ward Specialists about the breaches that had been happening. Two in the last month. An escalation from the occasional. The moment Theo saw her in his doorway, he seemed to relax, relieved to escape the parchment piled on his desk. They sat on the sofa after, indulging in the toffees he kept in his desk. The ease between them didn't last long, a sign that Theo was eager to speak. A first. He reached into the pocket of his shirt, retrieving a letter. "Sent to you for Scorpius. It's clean." Albus' voice letter. Another one of her ideas, in addition to their enchanted parchment, to foster communication between the boys. Scorpius had been enjoying the picture exchange the last few days, and the letter would be a welcome surprise for lunch. "Good. Thank you." Hermione deposited the letter into her bag. She pulled out an envelope for him, which made Theo arch an eyebrow. "Scorpius wanted to send Albus pictures of the cactus he keeps drawing so I took some for him." Fond amusement tickled his features when he accepted her letter with a soft shake of his head. She smiled. "He picked which pictures to send himself." "I'll send it off straight away." Theo took extra care as he placed the envelope on the table. "How is he? Narcissa has been quiet during tea with Pansy and I for the last few weeks." Not a surprise, but Hermione wisely kept that to herself. "I'm teaching him sign language." She crossed her legs at the knees. "He needs to be able to communicate in some form. NarcissaÑ" "She may not consider it a normal way to communicate, but I think it's a good idea." Theo offered her another piece of toffee. Untwisting the wrapper, she paused before fully unwrapping the treat. "I have moments when I feel I'm overstepping, butÑ" "She knows." Which meant that if Narcissa truly wanted to stop it or her, she would. It begged the question of why she hadn't. Narcissa did very little without reason. "Has he signed in front of her?" Theo's voice was tinged with concern. "He knows he can't." Hermione had not told him that, though; Scorpius just knew. It begged the question of how Narcissa had found out in the first place. She briefly wondered if Catherine had told her. Not entirely improbable. She definitely needed to curb her words around her. "How much have you taught him?" "It's only been a couple of days, but I've shown him functional signs, and he's mastered those quickly. I only have to show him a couple of times, tell him what they mean, and he remembers. I've been working on more conversational signs to teach him. I'm looking up classes that I can take to improve, too. I don't want to teach him incorrectly and while the book is a good start, it's not enough." "I never thought I would hear Hermione Granger say that a book wasn't enough." Theo looked vastly amused, and when she glared at him, his smirk morphed into a full smile. "Seems like life at the Malfoys' isn't the only thing that's changing." Cryptic words that lacked his normal subtext and meant two things: Theo somehow already knew about Narcissa's schedule adjustments and he wanted to talk to her. Rather than inquire about how he knew, she decided to take a different avenue. "Oh?" She retwisted the wrapper and placed the candy in her bag. Their conversation was at its true beginning. "What sort of changes?" "Don't act like you aren't the reason Narcissa was up in arms earlier this week." His look was disparaging. "You're too smart to play dumb." That almost sounded like a compliment. "I've never liked your word games, Theo." "I think you'll find I play few games when it comes to that family." The combination of his tone, statement, and presence heightened her awareness in the silence that followed. "I feel you and I are allies on that front." "To an extent, yes." Hermione folded her arms, leaned back on the cushion, and looked at him. "I meant every word I said to Narcissa. I'm not accepting any opinions on my comments to her today or in the future." "And I won't disagree with what you said." Hermione was caught off guard. Her pulse thumped in preparation for a battle she did not want to fight, but one she would if she had to. "If you're here to discuss my professionalism, I'll have you know that I tried to hold my tongue, but she kept pushing." "That she does, and no I'm not. I trust you." A great compliment coming from Theo. It did its intended job, untwisting the forming knot in her stomach and quelling her racing heart. He fell silent, appearing to organise his thoughts to display them how he wanted her to see them. Apparently it took an entire piece of toffee to get it just right. "Pansy and I have had this discussion several times in the past regarding Scorpius' schedule and how hard she is on him." Theo pursed his lips. "Our opinions are similar to yours on both matters." Discussion sounded a lot like argument. It felt nice not to be alone on that front. "But it seems you've gotten her to bend." The corners of Theo's mouth twitched before he looked away. "I'm impressed, but I still want to talk about what you said." "TheoÉ" That feeling was returning ever so slowly. She clenched her fist. "I'mÑ" "The reason I feel we need to have this discussion is mostly due to your lack of knowledge surrounding pureblood customs." "If another person says that, I'm going to startÑ" "Though you don't appear to care." Theo made several calming gestures with his hands when he saw her mouth open to let the fire in her out. "Hear me out. They seem archaic to you and, in many ways, they are, but that's how we were raised. My mother died when I was young and I was raised by my governess. I never saw much of my father until I was around seven or eight, which is normal in all the ways you believe it's not." "Would you do the same if you were in your father's position?" "No, but I'm a different man." There was an undercurrent of emotion coming from the man who was usually smooth on the surface, but it only lasted a split second. "I understand where to draw the line between following tradition and creating my own, but others are still learning. Right or wrong by any standards, our customs are ingrained into the core of who we are as people. When you strive to become a different person, it's incredibly difficult to rip yourself from the past. The act is like separating pieces of yourself. It leaves you fractured and incomplete, but with new room to grow." Theo gave her a meaningful glance before standing to summon two teacups and the kettle from his desk. All three items landed on the coffee table with ease. He made tea for them: liquorice root. She tasted hers and frowned because it didn't have enough honey. And no lemon. Tolerable, but not to her preference. "I understand what you're saying, howeverÑ" "No one is perfect, Hermione. Sometimes pieces are left behind, things get missed, and humans are often stubbornÉ as you know." Her mind went right where he wanted it to goÑNarcissa MalfoyÑand she shook her head. "We're going to make mistakes and choices that others won't like." His expression remained as steady as his voice. "But understand that we're doing what we feel is right, which is always a matter of opinion." "True." "People don't change because they want to. They change once they recogniseÑlogically, socially, and or emotionallyÑthat they need to." He reached for his tea and took a sip before placing it back on the table. "Change is a gruelling process. It requires doggedness and deep commitment. It's also a slow process, not a sprint, and you'll want to cling to some semblance of normality just to feel like yourself." Hermione, who was sipping her own tea and thinking about his every word, watched Theo turn towards her. "What you need to understand is that while some of us are further along than others, there are a few who have made an entire lifetime of changes in a few years." Theo tapped a patient finger on the arm of the sofa. "I'm not saying to excuse anything, but don't negate the changes they have made because they're not where you expect them to be yet." He wasn't entirely wrong. She could admit that she hadn't been completely fair to Narcissa, failing to factor in the large strides she had made. The way she watched without speaking, gave liberties with Scorpius, and listened to Hermione's opinion without completely dismissing her. And if Hermione wanted to, she could go backwards. To the beginning. To the truth that Narcissa had never once treated Hermione like the slur she had raised her son to call people like her. When considered, Hermione internally grumbled before sighing heavily. "I do understand. I just don't know how you can stand by and watch." "I do what I can," Theo admitted. "I'm not as well-versed in children and wasn't around much, so Scorpius hasn't taken to me as well as he seems to have taken to you." Theo sounded as disappointed as he looked. "It's not like I haven't tried." "Scorpius struggles to connect. Not just with his father, but with all the people in his life. He wants to, so badly, but he's anxious and afraid to do the wrong thing. Maybe this is because of Narcissa's firm hand or another way his grief has presented itself. I can't say for certain. Drawing with Albus helps, sign language helps, butÑ" "He's connected to you." "I want to see him grow and he can't do that without nurturing, affection, and a sense of security." Hermione finished her tea quickly. "I'm trying to build his confidence and I have been trying to give him the foundation he needs. He's drawing, we're signing, he's making choices. I bring my cactus over because it seems to help ground him, and Narcissa's now allowing him two breaks a day. I've been working on him coming out from around the corner to greet his father in the morning, but it doesn't help that Malfoy has been so busy that he hasn't been around outside of leaving Scorpius' note and my tea." "Draco leaves you tea?" Theo blinked twice. "Daily?" Hermione suddenly felt like she was taking a test and choosing between two impossible answers, both of which were somehow wrong. "HeÉ does. Daily." "Interesting." Hermione rolled her eyes at Theo's mysterious tone, and almost commented on it, but a thought passed in front of her. A rogue one that had been running free for too long. "How did you become Scorpius' godfather?" Hermione refilled her tea despite not liking it. She was parched. "I didn't know you and Malfoy were close in school." "We weren't," Theo replied with a small shrug. "I have known Draco all my life, but I refused to be another one of his sycophants." "And now?" "I made a vow to look after both him and Scorpius." That piqued Hermione's curiosity. "An Unbreakable?" "No, but I'll never break it." Theo's words were fierce with determination. The cogs in her mind started turning at a higher rate of speed while she filed the intensity of his response away. "Who did you make it to?" "Astoria." Hermione took a deep breath, feeling as if she were standing on the edge of something too deep, but there she was, ready to take the plunge. It might seem like a small molehill to some, but to her it was a steep cliff above the deep unknown. Astoria. In learning Scorpius, in watching him each day, Hermione found herself wanting to know more about her. The woman who shared his eyes and spirit. The woman who had lived by sheer strength of will long enough to teach Scorpius compassion and empathy for everything Ñeven a leaning cactus. The woman whose absence was felt in every person around her. In every place. In every conceivable way. Hermione inhaled her loss but exhaled her memory. "HowÉ" She had to carefully consider the best way to approach the delicate topic. "How wasÑ" "The gladiolus were a nice touch. Charmed to never die?" Theo glanced over at her, meeting her eyes. "I'll keep your secret." "I didn't know her. It seemed like a good choice at the time." "She was strong despite being ill and frail. She had more compassion and integrity than anyone I had ever known. Such a rare thing. It was a fitting tribute." The air between them felt heavy enough for tears to swell in Hermione's eyes. She blinked them back as best as she could, but they rolled down her cheeks anyway. "For all the way he's Draco's son, down to his mannerisms and personality, there is just as much of Astoria in him." "His kindness." "No." Theo looked away and chuckled. "Hard to believe, but that's not only from her." His words lingered in the silence that hung over the room as Hermione's emotions began to recede. Eventually he resumed the conversation, steering it down another path. He asked if she knew why Pansy and Ginny wanted to use his Pensieve, but she had no idea. A quick glance at her watch made her jolt. "I have to stop by Padma's." Hermione stood up. "We'll finish this conversation later." "I'm certain we will." Hermione rushed to tuck everything away for later. She gave the solemn man, who was staring ahead at the fireplace in front of him, one last look before leaving. By the time Hermione arrived at her next stop, Padma was just finishing up with Group Therapy in a room full of new werewolves. On the walk back to Padma's office, Hermione finally asked a question she had been dying to know. "The Aurors and Task Force members bitten in the raid, are theyÑ?" "All negative for Lycanthropy, but they'll eat their steaks rare." It was a relief, of course, but it still made her insides quiver. Greyback had been out of control since his Azkaban breakout five years ago. "Have you lost any wolves?" "Two in the last three weeks." Padma sighed. "But none since May." "That's two more that are likely at his side." "And a total of twelve in the years I've been doing this, but we have also had some defect from Greyback's side, which is promising." Padma tapped her wand against the door to her office. There was a faint click before it opened. "All I can do is try to provide them with a safe haven. I don't want to give them any reason to answer his call on the full moon. Laws have been passed to ensure their protection and humanity, but prejudices run deep. They make the Death Eaters' promise for change appealing." "Greyback doesn't want change. He wants chaos and blood." "Not just anyone's blood." Padma gave her a meaningful look. "According to the defectors, he wants yours." A chill ran up her spine. Hermione didn't need the reminder. It was always there. Padma led the way into her office and Hermione followed. The space was nice and inviting, scented with sandalwood and sage. Calming. As Padma put away her files, Hermione leaned against the side of her desk. Padma cast her a glance. "I'm going to say something you'll hate." "Wouldn't be the first time, but go on." "I know you're not out much. I know you spent the last full moon at Pansy's. And I know you've got strong wards, but have you considered getting protection?" "No. I can take care of myself." "I know." Padma frowned in disappointment. "But maybe you should let someone else try for once. The things they've said he says about you areÉ" Padma shuddered. The clock on her wall chimed twelve times. Hermione was late. Knowing that Padma wasn't finished with the topic, she promised to add it to her list of things she needed to consider. "Where are you off to?" "Lunch with Scorpius." "Malfoy?" Padma's surprise was visible. "The little one?" "Yes." Hermione paused. "Have you met him?" "A few times. He doesn't take well to strangers. Or at least he didn't take well to me, but I'm terrible with children." But Padma, to her surprise, left it at that. A handful of Floo powder later and she was back in the Malfoy's empty living room with a little more than half an hour to prepare lunch. Hermione wanted to provide him with a kid-friendly option, so she made him Al's staple: half of a regular hamburger and a veggie burger to test her hunch. She also prepared celery and carrots she'd chopped up in small pieces so he could pick them up with his hands. Per their agreement. She made herself and Catherine a similar lunch, and when they didn't come down on time, Hermione frowned. Most days, she could set her watch to Scorpius' schedule. But that had changed. Gravitating toward the door that led out to the garden, Hermione glanced around and found exactly what she was looking for. Hindsight was twenty-twenty. An incredibly pale Scorpius sat in the grass, surrounded by tiny bubbles. Catherine appeared at her wit's end, steadily creating more soapy spheres with her wand while making excited noises to engage him. It didn't appear to be working. Scorpius simply ignored her chaos, holding the cactus and looking supremely unimpressedÑwith everything. Staring straight ahead, his eyes looked empty, fixed on nothing, but his tight grip on the potted plant gave her a spark of hope that he was still there. Then Hermione noticed just how hard Scorpius held the pot. Oh! He was stressed. The bubbles weren't popping, just gathering on his face and clothes, which made him retreat further into apathy. One of the larger bubbles bumped the back of his head, and she witnessed his expression slip into irritation. Then back to blank. Lined up next to his nanny were her other failures: a football, a bag of Legos, and several magical toys. Hermione took a deep breath before stepping out. She would need all the patience she could muster. "Thank goodness you're here." Catherine's prior optimism was seemingly spent. "I don't know where I went wrong." Hermione could think of a few moments, but she kept that to herself as she turned her attention to Scorpius. He hadn't even noticed her, but his frown deepened when bubbles began gathering on the cactus, making it appear slightly shiny. He took off his blazer to cover it. Protect it. In turn, he appeared to make himself more uncomfortable. "You can start by Vanishing the bubbles." Hermione suggested evenly. "He obviously doesn't like them." To put it mildly. "I thought they would be fun. All kids like bubbles." Hermione gestured to the obvious exception. "Clearly not." With an exasperated wave of her wand, the nanny Vanished the bubbles. The little boy instantly looked around before uncovering the cactus and touching his face to make sure it was all gone. "He doesn't play," she said. "I tried to provide activities that most kids his age would enjoy, but he's rejected everything." "Did you let him draw with Albus?" "We got a note back that Albus would be away until his afternoon break. He'll draw with him then. Meanwhile, I thought it would be a good idea to let him play with something else. But nothing has worked. I was trying to give him as many activities as possible, butÑ" "I'm no expert on children, but you should let him choose." Hermione shut the door behind her, and Scorpius perked up. "ButÑ" "I know you mean well, and you want him to enjoy normal playtime, but this is his time. Scorpius should be the one who decides how to spend it. If he wants to sit in the middle of the grass with a cactus, then so be it." "I thought I could help." Catherine sighed, running a hand through her hair. "I was tryingÑ" "Rushing him isn't helping, it's just stressing him out." Hermione tried not to sound exasperated, but judging from the falling expression on the nanny's face, she failed. "It's fine. You tried and it didn't work. There's always tomorrow. And the next day. As long as you keep trying, you'll succeed one day. Eventually, the novelty of having his own time will wear off and he'll want something else to entertain him." Catherine nodded with growing understanding. "But right now, let him enjoy the simplicity of a moment that's all his." Hermione glanced over her shoulder at the little boy who was approaching with the leaning cactus in his hands. "Can you bring our plates out for lunch? I left them on the island." Hermione watched Catherine go before turning to Scorpius. At her side, he presented the plant with extended arms and wide eyes. As she had every day since Tuesday, she bowed her head a little and signed a greeting to the cactus. "Hello there." Then Scorpius. "And hello to you, too." She could have sworn she saw him mouth the word back. As if struck by lightning, her heart jolted, but Hermione guarded herself, trying not to make too much of the moment lest she scare him into regression. But she was still buzzing from the proud moment as she guided him to the table. Lunch was a quiet affair. They sat at the small, outdoor table instead of in the grass because it started thundering. It would soon rain, and Scorpius was just as fond of inclement weather as he was of sitting in the sun. He calmly enjoyed his veggie burger, ignoring the hamburger after an initial sniff, confirming her suspicion that he didn't care too much for the smell of meat. Hermione ended up taking it off his plate when he kept giving it aggravated glares and moving his carrots and celery away from the bun. They worked on sign language while Catherine excused herself to check in with the tutor. Today's lesson included family members. The conversation with Theo was still fresh in Hermione's mind so she skipped Mother and taught him to sign the next word on the list. "Father." Scorpius immediately rushed to the glass door, looking in, a sad frown appearing when he didn't see what he had been searching for. What he had been searching for every morning. He returned to the table, mood sour. The miscommunication hurt them both. "No, this is how you sign Father." She showed him again, feeling as heartbroken as he looked when he signed it back, sadness rising like the shifting tide. Hermione ended the lesson and decided to hold Al's letter until Monday. "How can I help?" She turned her chair and moved his so they were directly in front of each other. Scorpius signed the new word again: Father. And she understood. "He's been working a lot lately. I haven't seen him. I know you miss him." He lifted a hand, but struggled to sign his response. Eventually, though, he did. Yes. Catherine returned. It was time for lessons. Scorpius got up without fuss, but instead of following his nanny back inside, he stood in front of Hermione and nervously looked down at his feet. Hermione held up a hand, asking Catherine to give them a few minutes. She nodded and ducked back into the house. "What is it?" He pressed his ear against his shoulder before pointing at the cactus. Ah. He wanted to take it with him. "You can't take it to lessons because it will distract you from learning. We don't always like every rule, but we still have to follow them." He expressed his understanding with a nod. "I have to work, so I'll leave it until your break later and you can draw pictures of him for Albus." Scorpius peered at her. He stood straighter, grew more serious. He started signing every word he'd learned to communicate something she couldn't understand. Then, he stopped, lowering his head in frustration until Hermione tilted his chin up, fixing the hairs that had been blown out of place by the breeze during lunch. He cast a solemn look at the prickly little cactus. Lonely. Hermione almost cursed for not understanding his apprehension. He didn't want it to be alone. He knew what it was like. "I'll take him with me to my office so he won't be lonely." Hermione smiled when Scorpius' eyes slowly brightened. "It's time for your afternoon lessons." He didn't look entirely enthused about the prospect, but he'd come far from actively hiding. "If I don't see you after you finish for the day, I'll be back on Monday. Same as before." They had this conversation every week, and while the act would be tedious to some, Hermione understood that Scorpius was different from James, Lily, or even Albus. Teddy had been too young to know his parents, but Scorpius was not. He knew what it was like to have someone one day only for them to be gone the nextÑnever to return. No matter how many times Hermione had promised to return, there was always a hint of surprise when she actually did. His actions forever told the story of a boy who had been damaged by his mother's death. Only five and already jaded. "Today is Friday." Like each time before, Scorpius held up two fingers. She touched the tip of one little finger. "Tomorrow is Saturday." And the other. "Sunday." She folded his fingers down gently, holding his hand. "After Sunday is Monday, and I'll be here then." Another slow bob of his blond head, but instead of heading back inside, Scorpius watched her, seeming to weigh his next actions. Hermione flashed a fond smile, and maybe that made up his mind. He leaned against her side for several moments, taking a deep breath. It wasn't a hug. Just him stealing a moment of comfort, warmth, and support before it was time to go. Scorpius didn't sign it, but Hermione knew what he meant. Thank you. June 25, 2011 Hermione used to feel a sense of accomplishment when her friends were friends with each other. The keyword being: used to. When Hermione dragged Pansy into her friendship circle, she had worried about Luna's reaction more than Ron or Harry. She figured Pansy would rapidly warm to Ginny and never gave them much thought. But Luna, while not a delicate flower, didn't deserve the kind of verbal venom Pansy subscribed to. As it turned out, however, she'd had no need to worryÑat least about her quirky friend. Pansy had sized up a serenely smiling Luna for a long second before declaring that she liked her grapevine earrings. In Pansy's book, that was practically an offer of friendship. Then Pansy and Harry just sort of nodded at one another in acknowledgement, while she frowned distastefully at Ron's entire existence. But Ginny? It was like throwing a match on petrol. In the beginning, they had clashed so hard Hermione could have sworn she saw sparks flying during each interaction. Luna had reminded her that, while likes tended to clash, two people who were threatened by one another's presence only fought harder for dominance. Hermione eventually had to give up and let them battle with snide comments and one disagreeing with the other just because they could. The war had lasted until the previous year when the fire starved itself as the lashes dwindled. From the ashes rose a friendship formed out of mutual respect, entirely independent of Hermione. How it had happened, no one knew, and neither of them spoke of it. Harry thought that they had found common ground, but Hermione didn't think that was likely until their bond showed at the most random of momentsÉ For the better part of the morning, Hermione painted Harry and Ginny's living room a neutral eggshell colour to prepare the house to sell. Luna performed her routine check for Nargle and Wrackspurt infestations while Pansy and Ginny discussed the floors in the kitchen. Whispers filtered from the room as they debated tile versus wood. Honestly, Hermione should have realised something was afoot when their discussion turned into bickering before falling quiet. Much too quiet. But Hermione was so focused on her task, making careful strokes with the paint roller (because Pansy swore Muggle paint would last longer) that she hadn't spared it a thought. Had she been paying attention, she would have recognised that it was all a trap: everything from the painting to the discussion about the floors to her entire Saturday morning visit. All orchestrated by the two of them to corner her. Literally. When Hermione sat on the tarp protecting the floor to take a break, she only had time to wipe the sweat from her brow and pick up her canteen of cold water before she found herself surrounded on either side, boxed in like a lone fox surrounded by a pack of wild dogs. The analogy didn't make her any less rattled. Ginny plucked the canteen from her hand while Pansy diverted her attention with a mischievous grin. At that moment, Hermione knew she was in deep shite. "How did you enjoy the solstice party?" "UmmÉ" Disoriented by their invasion, Hermione blinked and rubbed at a smear of paint on her wrist. "I was with you most of the night, so you know I enjoyed myself. Everyone seemed to enjoy themselves, too, and the potion worked great. No complaints from anyone." Outside of Draco Malfoy. Hermione cleared her throat of the awkward blockage the name inspired. Then again because it didn't go away. Pansy pretended to be deep in thought, one black manicured fingernail tapping her chin. "I distinctly remember us being apart a time or two. Right, Weasley?" "I do believe we were looking for you around Last Light, but then you showed up andÑ" "Anyway," Pansy said through gritted teeth, cutting her eyes at the redhead who had said too much, judging from the swipe she made under her own neck. "Did you get to see Stonehenge before dark?" There was an alarming yet expectant smile on Pansy's face; it inspired nothing short of fear. First, because it was crazed in a serial killer sort of way. SecondÑand most importantlyÑbecause she suddenly knew that they knew. All of which confirmed this was a trap that they had sprung together. That led to a deep regret about them ever becoming friends and an instant desire to return to the days where they fought each other instead of teaming up. Because that was what they were doing. Hermione calculated an escape plan that didn't have a high probability for success, but it was all she could figure out with such little preparation. "I think I have a headache." She tried to get up. "Bullshit, Granger." Pansy grabbed her wrist; the witch was stronger than she looked. "Weasley saw you." Heat flooded her cheeks like a broken dam, much like it always did when she felt truly out of sorts. She took a deep breath, exhaling as slowly as she could. Hopefully, the paint fumes would get to her before she had to tell the story. Perhaps they were already working. She felt faint. "Well, IÑ" "You snogged Draco." Pansy snapped her fingers impatiently. "Weasley saw it and now we're all going to talk about how it bloody happened. No excuses. If necessary, I'm prepared for violence." Hermione froze like a goat paralysed by fear. Panic rose in her chest. "Ah, um. Pansy, your aggression is at an eleven." Ginny knew her well enough to recognise the absolute chaos occurring in Hermione's mind. "Let's dial it down to a four." "Hmm." Pansy visibly considered it. "No, I can't go that low. An eightÉ and a half?" "Five." "Can we split theÑ" "Are you two actually negotiating this?" Hermione's voice sounded far more hysterical than she'd anticipated. It made her cringe. Pansy blinked at her then went back to Ginny. "We can split the difference at seven." "I've had nightmares better than this." There was a pause, then Ginny called for Luna: the voice of reason. "Just a minute!" Luna's feathery voice floated down the stairs. "You have an infestation of Nargles. I believe it's from Harry." There was a weighted pause. "This is going to take more than I thought." Probably. Hermione started laughing but it just sounded strained. Tension flowed through her veins like wet concrete. Ginny patted her arm in sympathy, which had the blessed effect of annoying Hermione's panic into compliance. She didn't need the comfort. She had a strong grip on reality and an even stronger one on her emotions. She was fineÑshrill voice and jittery anxiousness aside. Furthermore, Hermione was a consenting adult who could snog anyone she pleased. Her internal cringe became external and full-blown because as soon as she allowed herself to think. She had thought about it before, in the late hours each night since. Nights when she found herself staring at the ceiling, an unending repetition of The Kiss replayed in her mind's eye. Hermione found herself stuck between two vastly different emotional responses: embarrassment and flustered bewilderment. And as she vacillated on each sliding scale, she felt triply annoyed with herself for being so worked up over snogging thatÑ "Let's start at the beginning." Ginny took the lead. "Hermione, when you're ready." "Or now." The two scowled at each other like cats while Hermione tried to piece her thoughts together to form coherent words. It was difficult. The entire experience was something she had only just reconciled with herself. Using her own mental voice and hearing it out loud were vastly different. More concrete and real. Yes, that really had happened, which was still just as shocking. Fortunately for Hermione, she hadn't had to face Malfoy in the days since as he'd been working long enough hours for Narcissa to complain about him cancelling marriage dates. According to his mother, Malfoy had actually slept in his office at the Ministry on one occasion. She might have assumed he was avoiding her, but Scorpius had gotten his note each morningÉ and he still made her tea. Which made even less sense. Hermione reminded herself, for the umpteenth time, that it wasn't an issue because it was nothing. She repeated it to herself like a mantra. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. It couldn't be anything. "He was already there when I got to the Stonehenge replica." Hermione kept her explanation clinical, devoid of the jittery energy she still felt. "We watched the sunset and talked. It happened by accidentÑ" "What?" Pansy screeched loud enough for her and Ginny to cover their ears for a second. "Did you just say you snogged Draco by accident?" "Yes, I did." Hermione uselessly tucked her hair behind her ears. "I went to wish him a Happy Solstice and he turned his headÑaccidentally." Pansy blinked several times before she burst out laughing; Ginny joined in as well. From upstairs, Luna's giggle in comradery rang out, even though she had no idea what she was finding humorous. "That'sÑ" "Nothing." Hermione put her foot down on the entire conversation. "It was nothing." Pansy's smile faded slowly and her expression went back to normal. "That didn't look like nothing, Hermione." Ginny's disbelief was palpable. "That wasn't even a snog. Neither of you even noticed me. I cleared my throat twice before I gave up and left. It was like you were both lost inÑ" "I don't need the mental image." Hermione pursed her lips. "I was there, thank you, but we both agreed not to discuss it." "Draco said that?" Pansy arched her brow. "In those words?" "It doesn't matter if he did or didn't." Hermione didn't let Pansy get a word in edgewise. "When it comes down to it, he's my patient's son, and while not explicitly forbidden in my contract, I can't. It's an ethical nightmare and it shouldn't have happened." "Okay, I can understand that." Ginny rested her elbow on her thigh. "His mother wouldn't react well at all given how she's pushing him to marry a society witch of her choosing." An understatement. "But if it had been anyone else?" Pansy had managed to tone her aggression down a notch. Just one. "Would you have let your guard down?" Hermione gave her a sharp look. She had some nerve. "Yes." Unaffected by the glare, her friend was completely unapologetic. "I have the audacity and I'll keep having the audacity." "You're really bringing this up right now?" Hermione couldn't believe she'd brought up a sore topic just to prove a point. "Yes." "Fine." The key to winning any battle was to have a strong defence. "To answer your question, I don't operate on hypotheticals." "Try." Ginny gave her a stubborn look. "If it had been someone else, what would you have done? How would you have reacted?" Hermione tugged at the braid hanging over her shoulder. The arrogant side of her never cared for introspection; it was based on subjective interpretations rather than fact. As a teenager, and even into her twenties, Hermione never understood why people held something so difficult in such high regard. But now, she knew the necessity even though it still didn't necessarily feel great. She could acknowledge that, had it been anyone else, she would have at least calculated the potential riskÑsomething Hermione hadn't bothered to do at all with Malfoy. Because she couldn't. The variables were all wrong. The ingredients were there, but mixing them together involved accounting for interactions between more components than she could fathom. Would the blend be worth it? Would it work or fail? Why even waste the mental energy on something so farfetched and intangible? It wasn't her way. Now, whether she would have taken the plunge with anyone else depended on about a dozen factors Hermione didn't have time to detail at length. Her two friends were still staring at her so she figured she needed to draft a suitable response. "I would be logical and sensible. I don't take risks like that and I would need to carefully think before making any decision. It's hard for me to let go andÑ" "You clearly did with Draco." Pansy refused to ease off the topic. Hermione and Ginny gave Pansy a long look that she smiled at in response. Feeling frustrated and raw, still trying to put together the pieces of her own confusing puzzle, Hermione scrubbed her hands over her face. "Okay, I did, but I'm not the sort that would just throw myself into something because of aÑa good feeling." "A good feeling, eh?" Pansy's mouth twisted into a sly grin. "Tell me more." "UhÉ" Hermione rubbed the side of her neck, still so flustered, something she despised. "It wasÉ" Like mixing two ingredients that shouldn't enhance or detract from one another; the environment served as a catalyst for the explosion and chaos that had occurred. The ensuing fire. The heat. The smoke. The fear. The panic. She remembered it all. She couldn't forget it, even if she tried. "I'm certain you don't want to hear about me snoggingÑ" "Oh, I absolutely do." Pansy's eyes sparkled with mischief. "I mean, I saw Weasley's memory of it, butÑ" Hermione recoiled. "Excuse me?" "Yes, yes." Pansy waved her off. "Theo happens to have a Pensieve. We all took a lookÑ well, just us and Luna." "Luna?" Hermione almost screeched. "I'll be down in a minute!" the witch called from upstairs. "So many Nargles! I know I sprayed last month!" They all exchanged looks. Ginny nodded along as if Luna's point of aggravation wasn't at all ridiculous. Pansy's smile shifted from sly to fond then it grew too wide. "Go on." "I don't see why that's necessary since you've both watched it like a bloody film." "A snippet." Pansy shrugged. "She was only there a minute or so. You certainly seemedÉ into it." Ginny made a mock explosion noise and gestured with her hands. She had no idea how accurate that was. "Our reservations were low," Hermione reasoned. "It happens. It could have been that way with anyone." "But it was him." "Yes, it was, which makes my argument valid." She frowned at Pansy. "I won't even bother bringing up the point that Malfoy was raised to believe I was nothing because of my blood status; that wouldn't be fair. We're in our thirties, and I can acknowledge he's not that person anymore. The fact of the matter is, we don't make sense on an atomic level. I can't even entertain the thought of calculating that riskÑit's ludicrous." "Nobody said anything about you two making sense," Pansy pointed out with a roll of her eyes. "I just asked about the snog that you clearly and enthusiastically enjoyed." Hermione internally winced at the truth in Pansy's words. "But it doesn't surprise me that your academic brain has leapt too far ahead. I find it interesting that you've put so much thought into something you've classified as nothing." "It's not a classification. IÑ" "I spent eight years going through the motions of nothing out of duty in a marriage I didn't want." Pansy's conviction was evident. "I know what nothing looks like. ThatÑ" "Was a moment." Hermione drank her water. "Can you really classify that as a moment?" A mystified Ginny was still making gestures that alluded to what she'd witnessed. "There were a lot of hands and he walked you back to the Ñ" "A moment," Hermione repeated with a fierce scowl. "That is exactly how I'll describe it because that's what it was. One single moment. A lapse in good sense I fully blame on the potions dulling." "I thought the potion lowered your guard," Luna said as she emerged from the entryway, startling them all despite her soft, plumy voice. "Though, I didn't feel any differently." She shrugged and joined them, sitting next to Ginny with her normal faraway expression. If Hermione had to guess, that likely had to do with the fact that Luna had few reservations to begin with. "I didn't think it created something that didn't exist," Luna mused. Pansy threw her arm out as if Luna's statement was the effective end of the discussion. "And this is why I like you." The blonde just preened with a beaming smile and played with her braid. "What she said." Between Pansy's narrowed eyes and the manicured brow arched high on her forehead, Hermione knew this discussion was far from over. "Argue that, Granger." Hermione was poised and ready to do just that when Ginny metaphorically clubbed her over the head with more facts. "Also, no one else snogged like that at the party." Ginny's pointed stare did little to ease Hermione's discomfort. "Harry and Malfoy had an entire conversation earlier in the evening that neither of them appeared to hate. If you're looking for reference, Harry laughed once." "They've found common ground in the last month or so." Ginny considered her point. "One could argue that you two have as well." "It's not a great leap. I'm his mother's Healer, so it makes sense that we have." Hermione had a feeling her arguments fell on deaf ears. "It's important that I'm on the same page as the family, especially in her case." Malfoy was the only adult family Narcissa had. She needed Malfoy on board to make her life smooth for the extent of her contract. At least, that had been her initial thought process when she'd first started caring for Narcissa. There was a small part of her that was still on her original quest, because she hadn't had much success. However, that could be blamed on the secondÑand admittedly largerÑpart of her that had strayed from her initial course. Natural, given the conversations they'd had, the things she'd learned about him, and the growing list of actions and attributes that felt so at odds. That part of her was looking around lost, stalled out and trying to figure out which direction they needed to go in to find their way backÉ or ahead to their destination. Wherever that was. "My statement stands." Hermione folded her arms across her chest. As much as she wanted to argue, Ginny wasn't wrong. But that didn't mean anything. Just because there wasn't animosity didn't mean there was room for anything else to inhabit the empty space. And she could definitely speak for Malfoy, who was apparently selective about who he spent time with and maintained his distance from anyone outside his social circle as if they had a contagious disease. By his logic, any time they had spent togetherÑincluding their morning tea conversationsÑ had been situationally necessary, at best. And meaningless. She didn't fit any of those qualifications because she was nothing to him. And he was nothing to her. Nothing. Except for that moment when potions had lowered their walls and her emotions had run rampant. ThenÉ Well, it did not matter. Because it was not real. A neuron fired, pushing a single thought from one cell to the next; a thought that made her wonder if maybeÉ No. The logical part of her brain shut down that frail idea like a dangerous carnival ride. It was impossible. She had no room for irrelevant hope, only practicality and facts. And having any sort of emotions in a context where they were unwanted and unreturned would cause problems. Hermione had already dealt with enough emotional problems over the years, especially as they pertained to Ron. Problems she was still dealing with. She had no capacity to take on anything else. "You look deep in thought, Hermione." Ginny rested a patient hand on her shoulder. "We'll touch on it again whenever you'd lÑ" At that, Pansy squawked like a bird in vehement disagreement. "That was an excellent phoenix call, Pansy." "Thank you." The witch preened. "But I was about to sayÑ" "She's not ready." Ginny shot a glare at Pansy and wrapped her arm over Hermione's shoulder. Her next words were low, spoken only for Hermione's ears. "But when you're ready to give up your residency in denial, we'll help you." Hermione didn't know how to feel when Ginny's smile took on a sinister glint. "Anyway, I think it's time for a subject change," Ginny announced. "There was something else I noticed at the party. You and my brother." Pansy gasped dramatically. "You traitor." She merely shrugged while Hermione slowly perked back up now that she wasn't the one on trial. "I am definitely interested to hear this story." Pansy huffed. "Only to divert attention away from yourself!" "I'm certain it's a compelling story. You still owe me after my living room." "Living room?" Ginny and Luna looked even more interested. "Well, the night I was summoned to the Ministry, Percy showed up to take me out and he apologised for leaving her at dessert. How was the banoffee pie, Pansy?" "It was delicious at four in the morning." Pansy's eyes were narrowed in challenge, but then they softened slightly. "Not quite certain how he pulled that one off. But since you're dying to know, we'reÉ taking it slow, I suppose. Figuring it out." Hermione gave her a long look. "This is a marathon walk from him annoying you with roses." With a shrug, Pansy checked her nails. "He's as persistent as he is aggravating. Must be a Weasley thing." She glared at Ginny, who grinned brightly. They did have persistence in spades. Ron was the example that came to mind, no matter the fact that he'd brought Lisa Turpin to the party. Pansy turned her attention towards the kitchen. "I think a tile will do justÑ" Hermione gasped. "You fancy him!" "Well, fine. He's consistent. I like that he gives me freedom and lets me set the pace. Neither of us are in any rush. We're busy people." A light blush dusted Pansy's cheeks. "Also, he's so bloody fit. I'm fairly certain he's adopted. No way can he be related to you or your unfortunate brother. I mean, have you seen his arse? Could bounce a GalÑ" Ginny covered her ears, visibly distressed. "Okay! That's my brother for fuck's sake!" "You asked." Pansy's grin was unapologetic and retaliatory. "I will never make that mistake again." "See that you don't." Hermione's hair was fluffier than usual by the time she finished brewing Narcissa's potions. She bottled them individually in vials and ventured into the conservatory for the first time all day. She realised something important. She'd left the cactus. Yesterday she'd bowed out after delivering it to drawing time with Albus. She'd then gone home to continue working on her recipe for the potion she was inventing for Narcissa. The results had been incredibly frustrating. Oh well. She had to deliver the potions. It was the perfect chance to grab her cactus. When she stepped out of the Floo, Hermione spotted several things that were out of place. First, there was no cactus on the coffee table. But before she could wonder about that, the second thing came into full focus. Draco Malfoy. He sat in the armchair adjusting the square frames on his face. Dressed in all blackÑtoo formal to be at homeÑwith a book in his hands, it took a moment for him to notice her. When he did, however, he did a double take. Then he cut a critical eye to her attire. Where he looked practically flawless while lounging, Hermione's casual yet practical outfit, consisting of jeans and a stained shirt to match her wild hair, likely left much to be desired. "Granger." Her name rolled off his tongue like fine wine: smooth and heady. The thought made her stomach twist, but Hermione stomped the foreign feeling down as he moved, shutting his book and rising to greet her formally. Hermione blinked at him like he had three heads while trying to determine when he'd started doing that. Oh, and why she felt so bloody uncomfortable. She'd spent the afternoon trying to create a potion while sorting her logic about the situation to herself, smoothing down the rough ends that didn't make sense. It wasn't completely necessary, as she would only have to defend herself to her Pansy and Ginny, but in case they wanted to further discuss it, Hermione was now ready. What she wasn't ready for was actually seeing Malfoy. His hand flexed at his side. He didn't look prepared to see her either. "I believe I scheduled our meeting for tomorrow at two, according to the Magi-Scheduler." "Oh?" Hermione blinked. "I haven't checked it today. I was busy. I brought over your mother's potions." She gestured to the general area of the kitchen then quickly walked in that direction. "I'll just put these away." In no time, Hermione had all the vials arranged in order and shut the cabinet. "All done, I'll justÑ" Malfoy was not where she'd last seen him. No, somehow he'd made it to the kettle without her noticing. "Would you like a cup of tea?" Without looking, Malfoy waved his wand. The cabinet door opened and two teacups flew out, landing gently on the island behind him. Malfoy placed his wand on the counter before glancing at her, one eyebrow lifted in question. "You didn't answer." Hermione considered declining, but he'd scheduled a meeting with her on a Sunday so it must have been important. Perhaps about his mother. "Yes. I suppose we can also discuss the reason for the meeting you've scheduled." Malfoy nodded and continued on, never asking her what sort of tea she wanted or how she took it. It wasn't that important. He knew what he was doing. It wasn't long before they were sitting at the outdoor table with teaÑfor her, oolong, a new addition she'd brought over, with a bit of honey and a twist of lemon. Exactly how she liked it. For him, black tea. With three sugar cubes. Nothing at all like the tea she'd made for him before. It was just after dusk, but before full darkness. The Malfoy's home was situated in the suburbs, in a way, but London's smog didn't allow for many stars. Not like at her cottage. Still, it was quieter outside than expected, just the occasional sounds of the world passing them. Cars. Buses. Distant voices. An aeroplane. Not that they could see anything beyond his high fence. Not that anyone could see them due to his strong wards. It was peaceful in a strange way; the noise served as proof that they weren't alone. The outdoor lights were on, providing the light that Malfoy needed to continue reading between sips. Time passed and darkness crept in like a mist. Silence was as awkwardly challenging as it was contented. The moment before he lost himself in his book, his eyes cut to her and it was as if he remembered she was there all over again. There was a pause. Malfoy seemed on the edge of speaking, but instead he returned to his novel. It felt like having a quiet moment with Theo, a guided silence that only lasted as long as he intended it to. It was something they had in common. On his fourth cycle of read, look, repeat, Malfoy finally shut his book and turned his attention to the garden. "As adults, I assume we're both mature enough to discuss what happened on the Solstice." Hermione nearly choked on her tea, but managed to keep silent until she found the words to formulate her question. "Is this what your meeting was about?" "Yes." He looked at her for the first time. "It's what I wanted to talk about that night." "Why?" She recoiled in confusion. What could he possibly think they'd have to talk about? "I beg your pardon?" Malfoy looked thrown by the question, his brows fixed together slightly as he opened his mouth to say something else, then shook his head in distaste. "ActuallyÑ" "I asked why." Hermione placed her teacup on the table, turning to him. "I believe we agreed not to speak about it." "Actually, you agreed, IÑ" She interrupted him with an incredulous snort. At his offended look, Hermione shook her head in apology. "I'm sorry. That was incredibly rude. However, I'm not sure what we have to discuss. It happened. It's over. That's all there is to it." Malfoy said nothing for several minutes, drumming his fingers on the table. Hermione waited patiently, tapping her foot on the stone. When he finally spoke, his tone was curt and dismissive, hard eyes returning to the distance. "It appears my assumption about maturity was premature." Now, it was her turn to draw back in surprise, eyes focusing on him with an intensity that made him return her glare with a levelled one of his own. "TouchŽ. I see you've regressed fifteen years to the boy who hurls insults." He scoffed. "That wasn't an insult, Granger. It was a statement. A factual one." "What exactly is there to discuss, Malfoy? We snogged while our inhibitions were low. Just the heat of the moment." Hermione haphazardly waved her hand. "It meant nothing and therefore doesn't warrant the discussion you're trying to have." She shifted in her seat. "And what does a kiss even mean, really? In certain cultures, it's as common as a greeting." "As common as a greeting," Draco repeated, voice like stone. He picked up his tea with his left hand and took a deep sip. When he finished, he placed it back on the saucer, cutting his eyes over to her. "And this is your decision? Not to discuss what happened?" "It's not that I don't want to discuss it, there just isn't anything to discuss." She crossed her legs, leaning back, appearing relaxed, even though she was stiffening more and more with each passing second. When she chanced another look in his direction, she noticed Malfoy was stiff, too. "Logically, why should we waste our energy on something that was meaningless to the both of us? Obviously, you have something to say or you wouldn't have scheduled that meeting. Just say it." "I've quickly realised that it no longer matters. Whatever I say you'll just argue. I'd rather not waste my breath." "Maybe that's for the best." Despite saying everything she felt she should to assuage the situation, she felt the conditions shifting, changing, ripening for a confrontation that she wasn't keen to have. So, she kept talking to sort it out before it got messy. "We're familiar strangers, at best, childhood enemies, at worst. It's pointless to waste our breath to entertain the idea. I already know what you're going to say and it makes sense." Malfoy looked incredibly boredÉ or completely irritated. She couldn't ascertain one from the other, but his next words made her realise it was definitely the latter. "So, now you're speaking for me." His drawl was as dry as the terrain around them. From her angle, Malfoy's face was partially shrouded in shadows cast from the dim lights around them. "Interesting." "I'm not speaking for you if it's something you've already said." Uncomfortable, Hermione prattled on as she was sometimes capable of doing when she felt out of sorts. "You're choosy about who you spend your time with. I know you don't want to waste it on something that's nothing." "You've twisted my words, of course, but ultimately you're correctÑin theory." Draco tapped the hardcover of the book twice. "As well as in practice." Now they were getting somewhere. "Exactly. It's nothing." "Nothing," Malfoy repeated tightly. When he sipped his tea again, there was a shift in his demeanour. His eyes took on a weight she had never seen him carry. It was nearly imperceptible, but Hermione noticed all the same. It was odd. Cold. An unease settled within her that made her awkwardly stand up to excuse herself. The discussion was over. "I have to go." "Actually." Malfoy's voice felt like the sharp end of a knife sliding on her skin. Hermione froze in place. "There are other matters I wish to discuss, if you will. Ones that exist beyond the nothing we've already established." Inexplicably, she took in the sight of the still-seated man whose clothing was beginning to blend in with the darkness. Well, except for his pale face. His hair was parted in such a way that, combined with the dimness of the light and his anger, made his jawline appear sharper. Her gut told her to leave. Malfoy looked like a cannon ready to let loose. "Is there a way for us to discuss this tomorrow during our scheduled time?" "No." Crisp and short, his response left no room for rebuttal. "I'm certain you have better things to do. As do I." Hermione didn't like that at all. His tone. His energy. Everything was altered. Malfoy rarely gave off anything that resembled emotion. Only fleeting moments passed without his facade, but she could find hints when she looked close enough. Now he was practically running on a battery of his own energy fuelled by his growing anger. "What do your questions pertain to?" It was the most careful question she'd asked all day. "My mother's care, first and foremost." That, she hadn't expected. He hardly ever had questions about it, always operating under the guise of apathy she wasn't certain was real. "I wasn't under the impression that you wanted to involve yourself, but if you would like an update, it'll take longer than I have tonight to discuss it." "I don't want an update. My questions pertain less to her care, and more about you as her caregiver." "Me?" "Yes, you." There was a quality in his tone that made him sound extra posh; it grated her nerves instantly and made her take a defensive stance. "You graduated from Healer Academy and began your career in Poisoning before moving to Alternative Healing. You mainly work with revived patients and those with potions addictions. You specialise in brewing pain potions and Dreamless Sleep." "That's correct." That he'd looked at her credentials wasn't a surprise. Malfoy was as paranoid as he was detached. "How exactly are you qualified to work with neurological disorders?" First Sachs. Now Malfoy. She was so sick and tired of having this conversation., tired of having to prove herself to people who didn't know anything about her work or the extent of time, consultations, research, and dedication she'd put into Narcissa's care plan. She'd invested her all into a woman who was intractable at best. Each struggle, each argument, each setback, each progress. The moments Narcissa forgot, the whispers of depression that followed her remembering. By now, Hermione had been through it all. Every step of the way. Even when it was hard. Even when she was tallying in her head how many times and ways she would quit. She never did, though. Instead, Hermione rose to meet each and every challenge. And she did so again. "Since you're suddenly curious, I wish you would have read all of my credentials. If you had, you would have seen that I specialise in slowing the progression of certain terminal diseases and recognised that this qualification of mine is why I'm here. Your mother asked for the best. She got me." "You might be Hermione Granger." For the first time, he said her name as though it were an insult. "But are you so arrogant to believe that you are really the best person to care for my mother?" She felt her blood boil as grey eyes bore into her. "Theo believes that I am, as does she." "Ah, yes, but she doesn't know you, now does she." Not a question, but a statement. "It makes me wonder how I can trust my mother's health to someone whoÑat one pointÑcouldn't take care of their own." Hermione stepped back, curling her fingers into a fist at her side. "Yes, I know all about your breakdown. It would seem you collapsed in your office from exhaustion and were found unconscious by Magical Maintenance. I know about the week you spent unconscious in St Mungo's, followed by the month you spent there due to the amnesia surrounding the entire event." Malfoy rose from his chair like a cobra ready to attack. "When you dig deep enough, you can find answers to nearly every question." "My Ministry file is sealed, how did youÑ" Realisation dawned on her. "You stole it." "I have my ways." He shrugged, resting his hand on the book on the table. "Nothing that comes in and out of my house goes unnoticed by me. I have explained this to you, Granger." He leaned in a fraction. "Nothing." "Wow, you're a real paranoid bastard." "Yes, I am." "And that's all you'll ever be," Hermione spat back. She didn't mean it, she was just infuriated by Malfoy's behaviour. His hand clenched, but then his entire demeanour returned to something near placid. Nevertheless, she could feel the anger rolling off him. Which was fine because she was furious as well. "You think I care about what you know? I'm not ashamed of what happened to me, but to call my qualifications into question because of that isÑ" "Perfectly reasonable, Granger. My mother pays you handsomely to care for her yet there's an entire record attesting to the fact that you can't take care of yourself." "You have a record as well, exonerated or not, but you won't catch me sniffing around the Ministry for it." Rather than retreat, she stepped towards him, holding his gaze in a fierce grip. "I don't judge you for it." "Are you certain about that?" His voice lowered as he stepped close enough that Hermione had to lift her head to keep watch. "YÑ" "I don't owe you an explanation for anything, Malfoy. I was chosen to care for your mother, who's hinted more than once that she knows about my past. What happened to me doesn't negate any of my credentials or the good I've done so far in helping her. Her brain scans show very little change since her diagnosis and her levels are now normal. That is because of me and my care plan. My past doesn't make me incompetent. In fact, the only thing it makes me is human." She felt her heart race and tried to calm herself before she got too worked up. "I would even venture to say that my experience makes me more qualified to take care of your mother." "Exactly howÑ" "I have every certification and qualification needed, and I refuse to explain myself to you. I owe you nothing except to keep your mother's mind and body as intact as possible. I don't tell you how to do your job, so don't you dare tell me how to do mine. Furthermore, since you care enough about her to dig up my supposed secrets, since you have so many concerns, you should voice them to your mother because she thinks you hate her!" Malfoy took a sharp breath. Had he not been so close, she wouldn't have heard it. "Our relationship is none of your concern, Granger." His response was as dark as the sky. And cloudy as well. A gathering storm. "My mother is your only patient. What I doÑ" "Frankly, Malfoy, I don't give a damn what you do, but before you air out my supposed secrets, you should take a hard look at yourself and redirect the energy you've put into figuring me out towards your own house." They were toe to toe now and she had no idea how that happened. Still, peering up, anger and insolence poured from her. "There's an old Muggle saying about people who live in glass housesÉ They shouldn't throw stones." His gaze sharpened and his jaw clenched just before he raised his head to look out into the distance. "There is also the matter of my son's attachment to a certain cactus in my office." So, that was where it had gone. Well, that just angered her more. "It's a cactus, Malfoy. It's harmless." "You aren't in any position to decide what is or isn't harmless to my son." "Fascinating you should mention that because as far as I know, neither are you." Hermione was practically vibrating with rage. And she knew she'd hit him lowÑtoo low. Judging from his quick flinch, he'd felt the blow, but she was so furious she couldn't help it. She didn't care one Knut about his feelings because he didn't seem to give a damn about hers. "You should focus on your actual patient. My son doesn't need your pity in the form of gifts." "Pity?" Hermione couldn't stop herself from screeching. "That'sÑ" "I have one rule for my house, Granger. Nothing in or out without my knowledge. You violated the rules with your cactus." "Are you seriously upset about this?" She stepped back, blinking at him in disbelief. "Are we arguing about a bloody cactus? This is ridiculous!" "It's not." His lip curled into a familiar sneer. "This is my home and I have rules about this for the safety of my familyÑ" "You've been to my house, Malfoy. You've seen the cactus. You knew exactly what it was the moment you saw it, so what are you really upset about?" She put her hands on her hips, peering at him through narrowed eyes, feeling her rage bubble in a dangerous way. "Because I amÑ" Hermione stopped herself, taking a cleansing breath before she completely lost her composure. "Where is it?" "In my office." She was about to storm off, retrieve her cactus, and get the hell away from him when something that was a bad idea stopped Hermione in her tracks before she even moved. Something that had been building with each interaction with Scorpius. Especially as of late. Like today when he kept signing father. She had never once thought about speaking her mind. It wasn't her place. Malfoy had enough to deal with. However, this could no longer sit on the sidelines. "Do you know why I brought a cactus into your house?" Malfoy didn't respond, which was fine. She intended to speak her peace anyway, permission granted or not. "I brought a cactus because Scorpius is miserable. He's lonely and hurting and that's not something I should have to tell his father, who worries more about protecting him from the non-threat of a damn cactus than he does about spending time with him." He visibly tensed. "You have no idea what you're talking about, Granger." "I know exactly what I'm talking about. Just like you're observant, so am I. Your sonÑ" "He may like you, Granger, but let me be very clear: Scorpius is none of your concern." "He's not." She bristled at his chilly rage, but it did nothing to cool hers. "I'm aware, fuckÑI am completely aware of this, but I cannot continue to do nothing when a child is so distressed that he refuses to speak!" Hermione ran a hand through her wild hair. The urge to cry rose in her chest. "I would have quit, but I won't to be another person who's abandoned him. And yes, I mean you." Malfoy moved quickly, crowding her against an invisible wall, not touching, but close. She didn't need to see the fury to feel it thickening around them, choking out the clean air until it was suffocating them both. "Take it back." Hermione didn't back down. Never would. Even though she could. "I won't." Her voice was thick with the same emotions that swelled whenever she saw Scorpius, talked to him, witnessed his victories, and grimaced at his setbacks. She hardened. "I won't quit. I won't be quiet. I refuse. You want to talk about things that don't pertain to you, fine. But so will I." "GrangerÑ" "You leave him notes he can't even read, Malfoy, but he doesn't need your notes, he needs you." The wave of emotions hit so fiercely that tears blurred her vision. She found herself yelling at him, not for own benefit, but for Scorpius. "He doesn't need rules and discipline, he doesn't need to bow and learn which fork to use, he doesn't need to know five languagesÑ this is not what his mother wanted for him!" The stilted rage coming from Malfoy was unlike anything she'd ever seen before. A twisted shiver snaked down her spine, but Hermione charged on. "He needs you to close the distance, step in, and be his father! He hides from you because he's scared and he doesn't know you! Set the tone, stop leaving, and put him first! Show some goddamn affection! He's starved for it to the point where he'll befriend a cactus just so neither of them will be aloneÑ" "That's enough, GrangÑ" "I am not finished!" Unexpected tears trailed down her cheeks. "You want me to worry exclusively about my actual patient, fine! Then you need to worry about your son. He's already lost his mother, he will eventually lose his grandmother, and then there will be just you. Notes and hidden affection aside, you don't even know him. He's brilliant, Malfoy. He's kind and compassionate, he'sÑ" Hermione angrily wiped her face, regaining her composure Ñher ire. "You will all starve the good out of him if he continues on this path. He'll grow up to resent you, and worse, he'll grow up to be you." "Enough!" "What's the problem? You don't like hearing the truth." She craned her neck up, almost having to reach out and grab him to keep her balance. "I have been in your home for three months now, Malfoy, and the fact that you have the audacity to criticise me and question my qualifications for nearly working myself to death is unbelievable when you do the same." Malfoy sneered at her. "Your family is in chaos. Fractured. And if your head weren't shoved so far up your own arse, if you weren't concerned about the wrong things, you would step in and fix this." And that statement just pissed him off even more. "You don't know fuck all of what I have or have not done, Granger. The fact that you dare to bring my dead wife into this isÑ" He clenched both hands together tight, face flush with fury. "You don't know what I've been through or the measures I've taken to protect him. You don't know the things I have done or what I will do." Malfoy ran a shaky hand through his hair. "I've tried to connect with him, I've not stopped trying. I keep trying. Your perception is fuckedÑ" "Of course it is! You act aloof, you're not present, you don't ask for the help you clearly need, and the only person it's hurting is Scorpius." Her head and her heart were pounding out of control. "The fact is, whether you think I'm qualified or not, I know enough about your mother's condition to tell you that she hasn't truly begun to decline. But she will and it's not my job to set a plan in place for when this does happen. It's yours. Also, Scorpius sees and hears everything. He knows something is wrong and someone needs to talk to him. This." Hermione pointed to his house. "This needs to be your focus. Not my cactus, my qualifications, and definitely not me." She started for the door, knocking over her chair in the process, but before Hermione left, she recalled what Daphne had said to her in March while angrily eating rhubarb pie. She was right. So, so right. Hermione didn't look back, dizzy to the point of nausea from the roaring in her mind and the eruption of emotion in her chest. The only thing she could say were three words that cut through the silence and tension. "Enough is enough." Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe Chapter End Notes A/N: Happy Friday. So this chapter is titled because there's a lot of grey in their argument and they both were right in places and wrong in others. Human nature at its finest. I know everyone wants to rail on Hermione about her reaction to the kiss, but I've set up her reasons for how she reacts to all this. She's hyper logical, not ready and neither is he. If you think she's gonna dive into something head first, that's just not who she is. Not who she's been after her collapse and the war. They would implode at this point if anything were to start. Draco...let's be real, he lashed out in defensiveness, but this argument has been coming, building. I've been setting it up for a while, especially as it pertains to Scorpius and Hermione getting closer. But this too is a shift in everything. Chapter 18: TheHead AndThe Heart Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Eighteen The Head and the Heart *TW: description of anxiety attack June 26, 2011 Hermione tried to avoid it, but restlessness flooded her lungs, raced through her veins, and weighed down her heart. She couldn't sleep, couldn't move. She just sank and sank and sank. Lower. Deeper. The darkness rose to greet her, and soon Hermione was cloaked and drowning. She tried to fight itÑpanic hovered at the edge of existenceÑbut it was no use. She was not strong enough. And so, Hermione plunged until she wondered if she would reach the bottom. Would it matter? There was no comfort found this low, only foggy doubt and the debilitating weight of uncertainty. This wasn't new. This was her nature. Equal parts cause and effect of life and experiences, all Hermione could do was lie and feel everything as the battle waged between her head and heart. The conflict was old, had been going on all her life, with no real winner in sight. Scales tipped from one side to the other, never finding balance. No treaty had been signed, but a ceasefire was in place; her logical brain had stopped trying to interfere with her emotional heart. And vice versa. But not anymore. Hermione should have known it wouldn't last. Tonight's battle was fierce and unrelentingÑas unforgiving as any external war. Her stomach rolled with every memory, her head pounded with every breath, and her body ached with every word. It was a war so frightening that sleep ran in the opposite direction, so ugly that dreams hid as she searched for warmth she never found. Rest vanished as agitation greeted her like another old friend, there to make up for lost time despite Hermione's bone-deep exhaustion. She was so tired. Her hair had come undone at some point. Her legs twitched. Fingers and toes tingled as if being poked with tiny pins. Itchy spots called for attention, even the ones she couldn't reach. Especially them. It bothered her. Everything bothered her. When Hermione shut her eyes, a parade of colours danced and whirled behind them in vibrant smears as her mind worked at the speed of light. Every shred of her mental energy went to rapidly cataloguing every detail of her argument with MalfoyÑthe centre of her thoughts, the source of her discontentment. Organised every moment. Analysed every expression. Memorised every word. Everything was in its place, separated by what she meant and what she didn't. What was yelled in passion and anger, and the murky grey areas of uncertainty. Subdivided further into everything that was right, wrong, and what landed in the grey in-between. Hermione was most ashamed by how much had fallen into the last group. Her head and heart warred on, despite knowing there would be no true winner or loser. Only mutually assured destruction. The air in her bedroom carried a chill, and she bundled deeper in her covers; the pillow alternated between rock hard and too soft. As soon as Hermione got comfortable, she felt a rush of warmth and threw off the blanket. She took a deep breath. Then another. She counted each inhale, like she'd done in her therapist's office whenever the swell of panic and emotions loomed larger than her will to subdue them. Hermione focused on one empty spot in her mind and shut her eyes, sinking into a calmer physical and mental state that allowed her to become mindful of everything. Her heart, oddly enough, was the loudest; it fought the hardest, ready to leap from her chest and pounding the beat of a battle cry. Her brain was on the defence, protecting itself on a primal, primitive level that she couldn't control. Nothing new there. Hermione continued to count her breaths, willing her racing heart to slow, to steady like the stream in front of her house. It was fine. Everything was fine. This would pass. In and out. Hermione tried to make herself relax, but the moment her body had begun the descent into unconsciousness, the instant the battle began to calm, the second she found herself just a breath from reaching her goal of sleepÉ Hermione jolted upright, focusing on the sensation. There was a tingle ofÉ something at the outer edges of her diversion wards. Something not so human. Rationally, she knew it could be anythingÑa squirrel, a bird, an insectÑbut logic didn't stop her heart from hammering against her chest. The quick brush of feeling was gone before she could identify it, before she even knew just what was there, but deep down, her paranoia rumbled. Hermione stopped trying to sleep. Partly out of the fear she attempted to choke back, but mainly to spare herself the whispers that haunted her dreams. Giving up on rest wasn't enough to stop Hermione from trying to settle herself through other means. She read a book to occupy her mind, then a better one because the first wasn't good enough. She played white noise and performed deep breathing and relaxation exercises. A warm bath. Warm milk. Lavender and chamomile tea. When neither worked, she tried wine. Hermione put aromatherapy oils in her diffuser. Her bedroom smelled like a lush, provincial field of lavender. When that wasn't enough, she moved from the bed to the sofa to the chaise in her conservatory to the floor, all alternating between pillow versus no pillow, blanket versus no blanket. Not that any of it mattered. Nothing worked. Even the few sips of Dreamless Sleep she finally allowed herself to indulge in proved useless. All Hermione ended up with was a sore neck, an upset stomach, and a racing mind that couldn't stop analysing three things: Nothing. Something. Everything. After three in the morning, she decided to greet what was certain to be a long and miserable Sunday. It was still too early to start weeding and watering, but she was also hesitant about what had brushed against her wards earlier. No matter what it was, it was beyond her control and outside of her farthest wards. Too restless to lounge, Hermione stood in her conservatory and stared up at the dark, cloudy sky. There that word was again. Restless. An old habit that never died; it hibernated until the perfect moment. This isn't restlessness, a tiny, introspective voice whispered. It's guilt. Well, that wasn't accurate. Hermione knew guilt. It was an old friend that joined her from time to time, especially when she visited her parents. She refused to feel it right then. It carried responsibility, as well as the acknowledgement, that she had been wrong about some thingsÉ But certainly not everything. And now she was back to her greys and in betweens. Hermione bristled at everything she couldn't categorise. So much. Too much. Ignoring that whisper from within, she found herself seeking productive activity. She needed to do something to keep her mind at work and her spirit at ease. Distracted. Calm. Reading had been a bust, her eyes too bleary for the act, so Hermione fell back on her second love. Organisation. The work began in her kitchen, where she took everything from its place, scrubbed down each surface by hand, and rearranged it all in a way that soothed her mind. When that job was completed, Hermione stood back and looked, wondering if it would be enough to allow her to rest. It wasn't. Next was her pantry. She checked every label. Flour, custard powder, and sugar. Couscous, rolled oats, and bulgur wheat. It amazed her how disorganised everything was; she had never noticed it before. Hermione checked seals before rearranging everything based on how often it was used. She catalogued her spices, placing them back in alphabetical order and making notes about which ones needed replacing or would soon. Her Quick Quotes Quill scratched furiously behind her. When Hermione finished, she looked at her work and wondered if this was enough to allow her rest. And, once again, though exhaustion covered her like a sheet, she was awake. Wide awake. At the start of the five o'clock hour, after cleaning her entire house from top to bottom, Hermione stood in the last place that needed work: the storage closet in her brewing room. Floor to ceiling shelves were packed with ingredients she hadn't truly organised since the room's creation. Hermione started from the top, pulling down the barely used and rare ingredients she had if she needed them one day, checking labels and quantity, and making notes for Blaise or Daphne. The sun rose while she worked, and muted colours filtered into the room from the small window. Once Hermione counted the fairy wings, made certain the leech juice hadn't gone rancid, and relabelled her borage as the ink had faded, she thought about eatingÉ But decided against it when her stomach gave another roll in protest, still upset by the mixture she'd subjected it to. StillÑHermione decided after realising she'd gone through four of the eleven rowsÑit was time for a break. She got down off the ladder and wandered into her office, checking her Magi-Scheduler. Malfoy's meeting had been removed, and curiously enough, it had been replaced with Narcissa's name. Good, she thought with a stirring of something that felt less like anger and more likeÉ Hermione struggled to find the emotion that matched. She sighed to the empty room. Her trouble plants needed some attention; using her wand, she watered each one around her office. Hermione continued the soothing task, watering the plants in the windowsill of her kitchen while looking out at the mist layered over the pasture. She put the kettle on and went into the conservatory to continue her efforts. Teasing the spine of the Touch Me Not with her finger, her eyes rested on the empty spot where the cactus should have been. But it wasn't. She had left it at Malfoy's. Again. "Dammit." That just rankled her nerves all over again. Hermione scrubbed her face, exhaled, then continued watering and checking the plants while trying to enjoy the sun's slow ascent over the horizon. Dawn was cloudy and ominous. She decided to forgo weeding before the inevitable storm. She was tired. Hermione finished watering the climbing roses before making herself a cup of ginger tea to settle her stomach. Venturing back to her office, tea in hand, she glancedÑnot at her schedulerÑbut at her to-do list. Visit Kingsley. It seemed like as good a plan as any. She Apparated just outside Kingsley's wards three hours later with an assortment of berries: gooseberries, strawberries, and raspberries. Along with Swiss chard, carrots, potatoes, broccoli, eggs, and broad beans. All of it was packed in a crate, made easy to carry with the help of a feather-light charm. By the time she made it up the long walk with her haul, Kingsley was waiting for her, dressed in royal blue beekeeping attire. "You're earlier than I expected. Come in." Before she could argue, the older man relieved her of the crate, amused to find it hardly weighed a thing. His home was smaller than hers, a cosy cottage with enough space for him and an eclectic blend of furnishings and art that spoke to who he was as a person. Not too much, but not too little. Hermione followed him through the main room, and into his kitchen, which was smaller, but clean and comfortable. There was no island, but a small table with two chairs was set for one. "Have a seat, I'm just about to start breakfast: egg and cheese crumpets and sauteed spinach and mushrooms." She hadn't come to eat. "I just came to drop this oÑokay." The sharp look he gave her didn't allow for any argument. Hermione dropped into the closest chair, and only then did Kingsley's expression return to its default contentment as he continued prepping breakfast. Soon, wonderfully flavourful smells filled the air. He was a long-time vegetarian, and cited for his continued health and vigour a result of the food he put in his body. Hermione understood perfectly; she had built her care around her patient's diet for the same reason, but hadn't been able to make the leap. She never once considered vegetarian meals until she noticed Scorpius' tendency to shy away from breakfast sausages or nibble at it just to appease his grandmother. Now, Hermione found herself wanting to prepare different meals for Scorpius, just to see if he would like them. "One or two?" "None thanks." Like the stubborn witch she was, Hermione tried again. "I'm fineÑreally. You don't have to go to the trouble." Another long look made her acquiesce. "One." Kingsley returned to his task, humming a tune she didn't recognise, while steam rose from the pan. "You do know it's no trouble at all." "I don't want to be aÑ" "You cook for everyone else. You bring me vegetables between trades for honey. Hermione, you do everything for everyone, but when was the last time someone prepared you a meal?" "I had dinner with Andromeda earlier this month." It wasn't a problem at all; most of her friends could hardly boil water for pasta. "Fine." Kingsley quirked an eyebrow. "I'll amend my question: when was the last time you allowed someone to do anything for you without argument or overanalyses?" She gave it some thought. A lot of thought. But in the end, she arrived at an answer. One that told her that it had been quite some time since the roles had been reversed. "It's fine. It's not like IÑ" "Mind?" Kingsley's lip curled in amusement. "I know you don't. You're a caregiver in that aspect. However, there's something about having someone prepare a meal for you. It can lead to a different perspective, a different blend of flavours you hadn't considered because you hadn't opened yourself to the possibility." Something uncomfortable stirred in Hermione, but she ignored it, leaning back as Kingsley placed a plate of food in front of her then joined her at the table with his own plate and two forks. Hermione inhaled. It smelled good, looked even better, and the taste far exceeded her expectations. Her stomach forgot all about being upset. "This is incredible. Thank you." "You're welcome." They ate in silence, broken only by Kingsley's tiny conversation-filling questions and Hermione's brief, vague answers that earned her pointed looks. When they finished, he collected their plates and did the washingÑgiving her a throat-clearing warning when she offered to help. He returned to the table with two steaming cups of peppermint tea. "I always start the day with it. It's your blend, of course." Hermione accepted the cup graciously, noting after the first sip that he'd added too much honey. It was too sweet. A little lemon would balance it out. "What did you learn from the meal?" Kingsley knew she never turned her brain off, but he did not judge her for it. "That I'd like to make it forÑ" Hermione stopped herself to take a small sip. "Well, my patient's grandson. He seems less inclined to eat meat, but he's also a picky eater. I could have the recipe to make it for him?" "Of course, but it won't be exact. I rarely use measurements when I cook. As someone who brews as much as you do, I'm sure you understand." WellÉ First, his confession surprised her. All the flavours had blended too perfectly for it not to have been measured out. And second, "I never brew anything without direction, even if I've brewed it a hundred times before." "Really?" Kingsley made a small noise in the back of his throat. "I find that peculiar." He wasn't the only one. Hermione dismissed the thought, but quietly asked, "How do you know that it'll taste right if you don't use measurements?" "Just like a talented cook tweaks recipes to make them better, a talented potioneer tweaks the brewing process to improve the potions. As far as your question is concerned," he paused to drink his tea, "sometimes you have to step off the beaten path to figure out what works for you." She gave a soft snort then froze. Those words oddly reminded her ofÉ Malfoy. And even though she'd been able to dismiss thoughts of him the first time, Hermione found herself right back to thinking about what she had come there to ignore. "I have tried to create my own potion, but I've never successfully made something from nothing. Every combination I've researched and attempted has failed. It's been an incredibly frustrating process." "That's why you're struggling. You think everything must be planned before you even begin, but all you need to do is start. Throw something together, see if it works. You might not create what you intended, perhaps you may create something greater, but if you fail, you try again and use the knowledge of your experience." "I understand that, I do, but I'm realising that creating potions isn't something I'm very good at." "I've never known you to be someone who gives up on anything, Hermione. Have you considered taking the responsibility off your own shoulders and asking for help." "My experts sayÑ" "Forget about the experts. What do you think?" "IÉ I think it can be done. No, I know it can be done. I have the ingredients. I'm just trying to find the right arrangement." She sighed. "I think I need help butÑ" "You're too used to going at it alone?" "Yes." "You're alone because you choose to be." More familiar words she'd thought of on a different day, during a different circumstance, about a different man. She felt sick all over again and her internal war must have been written on her features because Kingsley's expression edged towards concern. "You look troubled, Hermione. Exhausted, as well." Hermione was both of those things and moreÑall at the same time. She was currently at the point of exhaustion where she found herself bursting with false energy. "I haven't slept," she confessed. "I did some light organising this morning." Kingsley paused, his teacup close to his mouth. He gave her an inquiring look. "Light?" "Mostly." He continued sipping his tea. "I won't repeat what I'm certain you hear regularly from your friends, but your seams are unravelling. How much are you sleeping?" "I can't even answer that." On average, it was a functional amount of sleep, but early mornings and late nights made weekends harder. "Five hoursÉ maybe?" "Sounds stressful. Long bouts of it aren't good for you." "I know." She took a deep breath. "I have a problem." "Have you isolated it?" "To be honest, I haven't. I fear I may have multiple problems." "You should separate them from each other, think about each independently, and sort through them that way." Placing his teacup on the saucer, Kingsley leaned back, arms folded. "Or perhaps your problems are ones that can't be sorted with deep thinking. Might they beÉ emotionally influenced?" Hermione chuckled ruefully, which made him tilt his head slightly to the side. His dark eyes looked patient, understanding. She sipped her tea and stared at the table. It looked hand-carved. When she glanced up at Kingsley again, he was still waiting for her to start talking. Hermione sighed deeply. "I had an argument with someone." "Must have been quite the argument if it's weighing so heavily on you." "It was. My head hurts just thinking about it." She scrunched her face up, rubbing the side of her stiff neck. "There are more grey areas than I'd like. I said a lot of things I meant, but it's the things I didn't mean that make it difficult for me to stomach." "And how do you feel?" "Anxious mainly, butÑ" "Guilty?" There that word was again. A thought broke through unbidden, tearing a small rift and allowing the emotion access. It travelled where it pleased, filling her head with flashes of words, accusations and regret. So much of it. Too much of it. The crack was widening, growing beyond her ability to patch it up. All she could do was confess. "Yes." So much guilt. For several moments, Kingsley said nothing. Hermione toyed with the hem of her shirt, processing her confession and bracing herself for whatever he might say next. "Being human, we often look at others through the tunnel vision of our own life experience, which can lead to misunderstandings." His voice was deep and resonant, and Hermione listened carefully for every word spoken between the lines. "People are more similar than dissimilar, you know this, but sometimes we get so caught up in ourselves and the situations and circumstances we find ourselves in that we need a reminder. I know this is something you have been working on." He gave her a pointed look that made Hermione turn her head towards the living room with his eclectic paintings on the wall. "I have," she said. "But some days are better than others. Lately, I've been failing." She let out a dry chuckle. "Pretty miserably." Focused on Scorpius when there was moreÉ. "Life is a classroom. People, circumstances, and experience are our teachers. Sometimes it takes more than one lesson to get it right, and that is perfectly acceptable. We learn best when we find different avenues of arriving at the same answer." Hermione peered across the table at him. "I also think it's important to remember that we all have our own unique backgrounds, lives, and things we struggle with. We fight our own battles in our own ways with our own weapons. Inevitably, at some points, we will fight with the wrong weapon. Is that the best course of action?" "No," Hermione answered quickly. "Of course not." He raised a finger as he made his point. "Ah, but that's always a matter of your perception. Your idea of an incorrect weapon might be just the thing needed to win. Perception is based on experience, intuition, and cognitionÑfactors that make us unique as people. Just as I can't expect you to replicate the meal you just ate with no recipe, you can't expect someone with no experience to handle a situation perfectly. To grow is to change and to change is to learn and discover a way that works for you." Hermione allowed the words to marinate. She bit down on the inside of her cheek. "If you don't mind me asking, how were you raised?" "By my father, mainly, as my mother died in childbirth." He sipped his tea and inhaled the peppermint slowly. "Against my grandparents wishes, he did not allow for his marriage to be arranged for the second time as he didn't think he would be as lucky as he had been with my mother. Love in pureblood marriages is not a common thing, but it is not impossible either. Though he broke from that lifestyle. My father taught me that culture is learned, not innate. It is a derivative of one's social environment rather than one's blood. Because of how I was raised, I never subscribed to the pureblood way of life, despite being one myself, but that doesn't make me understand it any less. I was taught certain aspects while others were left behind." Before Hermione could inquire more, Kingsley checked his watch and stood up. "Ah, the bees should be waking up soon." He nodded at her attire. "You should change if you want to help. There's a spare suit in the guest room." She had no intention of helping or staying any longer than she already had. "I'm rather tired." "Will you be able to turn your mind off long enough to sleep?" The look on her face was clearly answer enough. "Go on. We'll take care of the bees together. Perhaps they will ease your mind." And Kingsley gestured for her to go and off she went. Ten minutes later, Hermione found herself in a white beekeeping suit, gloves, and a hat with a net that guarded her face. Kingsley was waiting for her out back, and when she exited, she was immediately blown away by the changes that had occurred since her last visit. Neville had been busy, taking her rough sketch and turning it into a work of art. Starting from the back door, a cobblestone path led out to the equally spaced hives surrounded by a circle with a colourful assortment of flowers and bushes. It wasn't finished yet, there was a part of the circle that still needed to be filled in, but that didn't matter. "This is stunning." "Yes. I do quite like it. Shall we?" Hermione nodded and they started down the path together. "Do you know why I keep bees?" "No. I always thought it was because of the quiet." "It's never quiet, but it is challenging. I enjoy the solitude of it. The sound of bees around me is meditative. It keeps me connected to nature and the seasons." As they approached, she could hear the buzzingÑactually, it did seem quite relaxing. He whispered a charm before removing the top of a hive and peering inside, quietly wishing them a good morning while several flew off in all directions. The buzzing grew louder, and the gentle breeze picked up, but still she could hear him when he spoke again. "What intrigues me most is how much bees are like people. Every bee has its own personality, every hive has its own way in which they do things. Like a family. Mostly, they're altruistic and can be community-focused, but some bees work harder. Some are smarter. Some are stronger." Kingsley gestured for her to come closer and look inside the hive. Carefully, she did so. The colony was beautiful in a complex way she couldn't describe, but found fascinating nonetheless. "Wow. How do you get them to do that?" He chuckled. "The main thing to know about bees is that you must let them work their way. They can't be trained. If you are good to them, they are good to you." That sounded like a not so subtle dig at their current government. "Beekeeping requires you to think beyond your own life and be a steward to thousands of living things that are equally as vital as they are dangerous." They moved to the next hive where he repeated the same actions. He tsked at that one, noting that there would be a change in queens by the end of summer. Hermione chuckled. "You're like a leader of bees." "Not exactly. They have a queen. My job is to help the bees do what they want, which is for their families to thrive. I find this is more successful a paradigm than trying to make them do what I want them to do, which is produce an abundance of honey. But it's not about me at the end of it all. It's about the bees. Their survival is essential to the survival of humankind. Not all plants are self-pollinating, as you know." When they arrived at the third hive, it was quieter than the first two. Before she could ask why and inquire about the floating orbs of what looked like water, Kingsley was there with an answer as he worked to check the stores. "It's June, which brings about a gap when coloniesÑbefore the summer rushÑcan starve due to either the lack of nectar or for other reasons I won't get into. This is when my job becomes important by making sure they continue to thrive, even during difficult times. This year has been easier with Neville planting nectar-producing plants first, but sometimes one hive struggles more than the others. Like this one. I've been feeding them sugar water to tide them over, but it appears they don't need it today." "But isn't that what a leader does? You understand your role and use it to step in or hang back. You do whatever is needed to empower your people, help them develop, and reach their goals. You said it yourself, bees are like people, in a way. Your bees were struggling and you Ñas their keeperÑhad enough foresight to set up preventative measures. It's your job." "No, it's my duty. One I accepted when I decided to be a beekeeper. It seems you are accepting a similar duty all your own. The restoration." It was almost surprising to learn the scope of Kingsley's knowledge. For someone so removed, he was still at the centre of things. "I've heard rumblings about your appearance in front of the Wizengamot." Hermione was lucky for the netting covering her face, allowing her to keep her embarrassment private. "I could have taken a more moderate approach." "My comment wasn't to make you self-criticise or make you feel you need to temper yourself. It's merely a comment. If your intention was to make people take a harder look at the Wizengamot, congratulations, you've succeeded. The whispers are louder now. I hope you are aware of the target you've put on your back. You have enough of them already." Hermione shuddered at the thought of Greyback. She kept the disturbance at the edge of her wards this morning to herself. "I'm aware people are watching me more now in public." "And is that what you want?" "I'll do what needs to be done." Hermione watched him work; he took such care handling the struggling hive. "I'm tired of watching the corruption. It seems to close in more and more each day. What happened with HarryÉ what's next? More retaliatory murders while we all look the other way? The Wizengamot would have blamed Draco Malfoy for everything just to avoid handling the situation they put us in. They need to be held accountable. Every one of them and the ones who stood idly by and let it happen." "And then what, Hermione? If the restoration succeeds, what's next? Percy is working hard to convince me to run for Minster again. I suppose he intends to ask you to help lobby for his cause, too." "Likely, but he hasn't had a moment to ask me. And what would you say if I did try?" "I would give your proposal the consideration it deserves. That is not the sort of duty one should undertake lightly." And on they went to the next hive. When they got there, Hermione's frown was concealed behind her protective net, but Kingsley must have felt it. "What is it?" "I'll confess, I don't like that word much. Duty." Duty to family over self. When Kingsley finished inspecting, he closed the top gently. "Why not? One does a duty with their heart and they never think about the consideration received for it because they believe they're doing a noble thing." "And if that noble thing just perpetuates a dying culture that needs to step into the future?" "It's not your job to decide. Cultures don't die, they evolve, adapt, sometimes slowly, sometimes drastically. The good aspects of any culture will be preserved by others who realise how precious they are. When the Greek civilisation declined, it was the Arabic world that helped to preserve the works of the Greek philosophers. They didn't change it to fit their own ideology. They maintained it because, despite being different, they saw the value." Hermione frowned thoughtfully as they walked to the next colony: a larger one, he noted aloud, that needed to be upgraded as they were close to outgrowing their current home. Apparently Kingsley wasn't finished giving her something to think about because when he finished, he turned to her. "No matter how much you dislike the pureblood way of life, there are some aspects of it that aren't completely abhorrent. You speak of them as a whole when the families you have been exposed to are all extreme opposites: the Weasleys and Blacks. Am I correct?" "Yes, and I've also been exposed to the Malfoys, Greengrasses, and Parkinsons." "Those three also tend to lean towards the traditional side of things along with the Blacks, but overall, most pureblood families fall somewhere between these two extremes and don't subscribe fully to the portions of the pureblood life you don't like. Not all of them arrange the marriages of their children, yet some choose to have their marriages arranged. Not all of them are rigid traditionalists and recovering bigots. And while they participate in society, many families have their own customs." "Oh?" He nodded, leading them a little farther out to the last two hives. They were newer and needed to get their bearings before joining the others. Out there, the buzzing was even quieter. "On a basic level, pureblood families are excellent at knowing their history, complicated or not, and most believe it should be preserved. It is our history. Documenting history shows where we come from, how we've changed as a magical society, and where we could still use some work. There's etiquette, which has largely been lost on the current generation, and not all of it is bad. It shows respect and provides a foundation for all later moral behaviour." He had a point there, even though she didn't agree with Narcissa's extreme approach. "Lastly, purebloods have a reverence for lineage and a strong sense of family that is often lost as we move towards a more individualistic society. My point is, rather than throw the entire apple in the rubbish because of a few soft spots, maybe it's not rotten to the core. Try to preserve what's left that's good." Hermione remained silent, turning his words over repeatedly. He had a valid point. Several of them, in fact. And she had a lot to weigh and consider. "Oh, Neville and his students are here." She turned around, and sure enough, there was a group of people approaching with pots in their hands and more floating on either side of them. They were all wearing beekeeper suits for safety, and they got right to work, preparing to fill in the last gap in the circular bee garden. Neville was the only one who stood out because he wasn't wearing a cover. And he was waving with one hand, holding a flowering cactus in the other, and levitating several more around him. When he got closer, he set the plants by his working students before approaching them. Kingsley greeted him with a pat on the shoulder. "Neville, always a pleasure." "Kingsley." Neville greeted him with a smile. "Hermione, how do you like what we've done?" "It's spectacular." "Why don't you both head to the porch while I check on the last colony?" Kingsley eyed the group of students with a soft sort of fondness. "I've set the wards so the bees won't mess with your students." They both nodded. Neville ran over to give his students direction and Hermione walked on, but instead of heading to the porch, she stood at the start of the cobblestone path. She watched the students work while Kingsley examined the last colony, the youngest one, taking his time. In fact, when Neville joined her, Kingsley was still preoccupied. "You truly did an incredible job," Hermione said. "It was your sketch." Neville shrugged. "I think the most difficult thing was picking out the plants themselves. Kingsley wanted them to be low maintenance, but have a maximum benefit for the bees." "Is that why you brought cactuses?" "Bees do like flowering cacti, but it's not just that. I happen to think every flower garden should have one. Luna brought yours back at my request." She'd always known it was one of Luna's strange gifts. "Why a cactus?" "They're survivors in the face of adversity, especially when it seems impossible. Seemed fitting for you, and for him as well." Neville shrugged thoughtfully, and while Hermione watched her friend, she couldn't help but think that they weren't the only ones that stared down adversity and survived. Neville has been doing it all his life. "In some cultures, they represent endurance, tenacity, strength, and unconditional maternal love." "You're feeling maternal love?" Hermione chuckled. He barked out a laugh. "No, but are you? I've seen your leaning cactus." He followed his statement with a smirk. "You care for one struggling cactus more than you do an entire garden. Not that you don't care about the rest, but that plant is different. More special. You're quite maternal over it." "Maternal?" She rolled her eyes and smiled, folding her arms. "I'd have to have a child to feel that." Neville made a small noise in the back of his throat. "What?" "I didn't know you had to be a parent to love like one." The string quartet played a soothing piece Hermione didn't recognise, but it relaxed her enough for her eyes to momentarily droop. She snapped them open when she realised where she was and the extent of the long day ahead of her. Narcissa's appointment on her Magi-Scheduler involved much more than stopping by their home for a moment; it involved Hermione dressing for a society soirŽe. A mingling event for the upper echelon of society, the eligible witches and wizards were expected to socialise while their parents chatted over wine, hors d'oeuvres, and classical music from instruments spelled to play dulcet tones in the background. This was something Sachs would have normally attended to monitor Narcissa, but she thought Hermione's presence would be more subtle. Narcissa's argument rested on Hermione being a recognisable figure whose attendance wouldn't draw any unnecessary suspicion. Narcissa wasn't wrong, but her timing wasn't right either. Hermione still hadn't slept. The opportunity had come, and she'd laid down in Kingsley's spare room for a change of scenery, but she'd ended up staring at the ceiling, replaying everything, forgetting nothing, and counting each moment as they passed her by. Rest had not come, but the work was never-ending. Which is how she found herself standing alone, but not noticeably so. Fresh-faced after an Invigorating Potion, she donned plain navy robes with her hair tamed into soft curls, held back to frame her face with a jewelled pin. Her look today was only the second time Narcissa had visibly approved of her appearance throughout the entire length of their association. Hermione watched her surroundings. The room was small, but spacious enough to host the amount of people in it. It was all veryÉ proper. Ornate and lavish, it had hardwood floors, vaulted ceilings, and marble pedestals about the four corners of the room. Crystal glasses and flawlessly arranged bouquets adorned each of the tables that formed a circle around the centre of the room where witches and wizards slowly walked and talked together in a very odd circular fashion. From the looks of the spectators, those who walked were on display. She was in no mood to participate so she observed Narcissa instead, who chatted politely with every person that approached her table. Hermione was close but not too closeÑa respectable distance of three tables awayÑwatching for any signs of trouble, odd moments, or signals. So far, so good. The problem with her location was that it put her in the direct presence of available wizards who recognised Hermione for her name and didn't mind her pedigree. She didn't engage, nor did she participate in the shenanigans occurring around her. There were at least twenty-five wizards, and likely double that number of witches, but only one had caught everyone's eye. Tall. Detached. Striking. Austere. Draco Malfoy. Most of the bachelors looked on in varying degrees of envy while every available witch in the room fell over themselves to get Malfoy's attention. Only when he refused to engage would they slink off to another wizard, who would offer them an arm. It was easily the mostÑ Hermione took a deep breath and pushed her judgment aside. She was trying. Malfoy stood across the semi-crowded room, smartly dressed in crisp robes as dark as the expression on his face; one that made Narcissa's exasperation peak quickly as she glared at him repeatedly. His returning looks were hilariously identical to Scorpius'. Hermione kept an eye on him as he slowly made his way around the outer edges of the room, getting stopped by some women and not seeming to notice the looks he got from others. It was like he didn't see them. Maybe he didn't care. Women. They gravitated to him like a compass needle to magnetic north with their made-up faces, stunning robes, and demure smiles, all clamouring for a greeting, a look, a smile, a way in, something. But he never gave one. Malfoy exited her peripheral when Hermione turned to make certain Narcissa was fine. She didn't see him when she turned back, but someone else spotted her. A familiar face. Black hair. Bright blue eyes. Red lipstick. Black robes that stood out amongst the sea of summer colours. It was the Future Mrs Malfoy from the book signing. What was her name? "Hi," the woman greeted with a polite smile. It was very clear she didn't remember their first interaction, which was good. Somehow, a straight-haired Hermione Granger wasn't memorable enough. Except toÑ "I just saw you across the room and you look as bored as I feel. I'm Olivia." She extended a manicured hand that Hermione automatically accepted. "It's really a pleasure to meet you." Hermione spent enough years attending events like these to know exactly how to carry herself, how to walk and speak and blend. She also had an idea when someone was on the prowl, hunting for something they didn't have. Information. After taking a second to remember their first interaction, Hermione sorted what she remembered and smiled politely. "Pleasure to meet you as well. I'mÑ" "Hermione Granger, I know." Her smile brightened, then levelled into a show of perfect embarrassment that seemedÉ practised. "I can't believe I'm actually talking to you. It's honestly an honour." It was difficult to determine if it was genuine so Hermione figured it was not. Olivia looked around before leaning in. "Everyone is surprised to see you at a society event." Her attempts at sussing out gossip wasn't very subtle at all. The question she was trying to ask was painfully obvious: Why are you here? "I had an invitation and nothing else to do on a Sunday afternoon." Olivia stood next to her and filled her in on the gossip in the room, all while smiling at everyone who looked in their direction, clearly using Hermione as a prop. She didn't care, too busy sneaking surreptitious glances at her patient. All was still normal. When Olivia paused, noticing she had lost her captive audience, Hermione flashed a grin of fake interest. Not that it truly mattered how she behaved. Hermione wouldn't see her after today, but it was amusing to listen to the woman's stories of background society politics, drama, and the loads of dirt she had on everyone in the room: married already or not. Olivia was Society's gossipmonger. Well, that explained why she was always alone, trying to find new people to speak to. No one trusted her enough to speak freely around her. "So, you went to school with Draco Malfoy." "Yes," Hermione said as blandly as possible, glancing over the witch. "But you know that. Everyone does. And everyone knows we weren't friendly in school. What is it that you're trying to figure out?" "I'm just curious." Olivia shrugged. "Was he always like this? Cold and unfriendly? I've had two marriage dates scheduled with him. One he left early after barely exchanging a word with me, and the second he didn't show up to at all. I don't think I've ever seen him in public with a woman who wasn't already confirmed as a friend." She scanned the room. "I just wonder if he's either not interested in me or in women at all." The way he nipped her at her lower lip and pulled, none too gently, enÑ Hermione choked on air and Olivia patted her back until she recovered. "Are you okay?" "Perfectly fine." Hermione cleared the last bit of hoarseness from her voice. "As far as your concerns, I suppose that will be something about him you'll have to learn for yourself, should you get the opportunity." "Oh, I will." Olivia appeared confident, the gleam in her eyes almost predatory. "My parents are keen on the match and his mother is keen on a match, but unfortunately it's too soon. In the meantime, I'm doing my best to stand out above the rest." "By getting to know him?" She laughed as if Hermione had told a joke. "Of course not, that happens after marriage. The first step is to secure what you want thenÑ" "How do you know what you want?" Olivia looked at her as if she were stupid. "Draco Malfoy is richer than every wizard in this roomÑcombined. The fact that he's incredibly attractive makes the battle to win him all the harder, but so worth it." Hermione's eyes threatened to roll into her skull. By some miracle, they didn't. "I've watched everyone throw themselves at him today, but after our marriage date, I've realised that won't work." "Oh?" Now Olivia had her curiosity. "He's not like all these other wizards. He's been married before and has certain expectations, I imagine" Olivia misread Hermione's expression and kept talking. "Every pureblood man is raised to expect a wife that will do everything to make life easy for him. He's had that once. Now I expect he'll want it again and better this time." An ember of irritation ignited in Astoria's defence. "His next wife would need to be attractive and well groomed, proper and knowledgeable, but not too much. No man wants a wife to prove they are smarter than him. They want a loyal and humble woman who will let them lead. It really is that simple. I fit all of these things, I just need him to see it." "If you have to force someone to see your worthÑ" Hermione changed her mind. "I don't understand why everyone is after someone who clearly isn't interested." "Stability, wealth, and social standing, to name a few." Olivia listed off her answer by holding up three fingers. "It doesn't matter if Draco wants to remarry, he will because that is expected of him. It's his duty to his family and Malfoys take that more seriously than most." That much she already knew. "Besides, his mother was practically a queen in society in France and is here, as well. His future wife will be groomed to inherit her status and all the benefits that come with it. IÑ" "And what about his son?" Hermione now wondered where Scorpius would fall into the grand scheme of things. Narcissa was already pushing the duty on Malfoy's future wife. "Does anyone know about him?" "People talk, of course, but he's not been seen in public in years." Olivia shrugged. "I'm certain Narcissa has everything lined up. It shouldn't be too hard to step in once we're married." "You seemÉ confident." "I am if I really get his attention andÑ" Olivia gasped and immediately straightened, running a quick hand down her robes to make certain she was presentable. "He's coming this way right now." Hermione looked, and sure enough, Malfoy was approaching, looking perfectly blank and aloof. And that was her cue to leave. Their fiasco of a fight was still fresh on her mind and there was a very real possibility that it could happen again. This time in public. Hermione started to excuse herself, but Olivia's arm twisted around hers, holding her in place. "Stay with me," the witch begged. "Maybe he'll speak to me if he sees you." Doubtful, considering the way they'd stabbed each other with verbal carving knives last night, but Olivia wasn't accepting no for an answer. Hermione wouldn't have been surprised or offended if he turned in another direction upon seeing her. She wouldn't have been shocked if he glared hot daggers at her, but he did nothing of the sort. Hermione was stunned into speechlessness when Malfoy stopped a respectable distance in front of them. One that made no mistake that it had been his intention to do so all along. All of Olivia's tact flew out the window. "Do you remember me, Draco?" "No." Malfoy gave her a single, cursory look. "Should I?" Her smile died like a flame doused in water. Hermione inwardly cringed. "Granger." One word and her heart started pounding, not out of excitement. She was nervous. It coursed through her veins and made her shift on her feet. One look was enough for Hermione to avert her eyes. His shoulders were straight and so were his feet, Hermione looked from one to the other. "Malfoy." She bravely lifted her eyes to his. "How can I help you?" He cut his eyes at Olivia until she curtsied perfectly and excused herself, looking back at them twice in confusion, then once more with a small frown on her face and calculation in her eyes. There was no formula for her to solve. At least not between them. Perhaps Olivia had her own calculations to work through. Still, Hermione was sad to see her go. She needed the buffer the other witch's presence would have provided. Truly. Now she and Draco were standing in front of each other, not speaking, and she looked everywhere except at him. First, at his mother, who was delicately placing her hand in an older witch's in greeting with a practiced smile on her face. Then, at her shoes. When she rounded back to Malfoy, she noticed his jaw was tight, his gaze critical. If possible, Malfoy stood straighter, his guard up as high as hers. It was awkward. Miserably so because there were words she needed to say that she hadn't prepared for. Now they were bouncing around in her head, jumbled and twisted and out of order. The potion she'd taken to remain alert might have made her feel awake, but Hermione was tired. Weary. All the way down to her bones. "I've been advised that we should have a repeat of our previous conversation." Malfoy cleared his throat, moving his hands from his side to clasp them behind his back. "Preferably without arguing or throwing insults and accusations." Hermione looked up sharply. "Advised?" That was a very specific word. Her mind tried to go the distance, attempting to analyse it, but she was exhaustedÑmentally and physically. No potion in the world would help that. Only sleep. If she could manage it. "Yes, advised." Malfoy looked away. "For over an hour. Loudly." Loudly? She wondered who had been in his ear. Literally, it seemed. Clearly it was someone he trusted. Even though that list was short, Hermione struggled to chase the crumbs of clues to an answer. She inhaled every shred of patience she needed and exhaled one cleansing breath, pinching the bridge of her nose to give her the strength to get through this conversation. "Malfoy, I haven't slept enough to have the mental capacity for another one oÑ" "Walk with me." The request was as cautious as his words, and not at all what Hermione had expected. She knew her expression openly displayed her shock, judging from the way his jaw ticked with a very tension. He was irritated. "It's notÑ" Hermione bit her bottom lip to avoid saying yet another wrong thing. "People track your every move, you know. We don't need more attention, and the very last thing I want is to be pulled into the tornado of marriage rumours involving you." "People always talk. They have little else to do except schmooze, manipulate, and clamour their way to the top." He looked around in distaste. "Like crabs in a bucket." They would never make it out before someone pulled them back down. Poetic in a way that spoke to the societal hierarchy. "I care little about what is said about me or the attention my presence garners." Malfoy didn't move, but he felt closer, his voice low enough for her alone to hear. "It's inconsequential and I have better things to do with my time than combat rumours." "That's nice for you, butÑ" "Having said that." Malfoy took a step forward. A small one, which she immediately followed with a step back, regaining the distance. "Since you're concerned, I'm certain my mother will snuff out any inklings of a rumour the moment it reaches her ears. It would happen quickly, I imagine. She's excellent at diversion, talented at making people see what she wants, and has a knack for creating the perfect picture. An illusion, if you will." It didn't sound like a compliment. Malfoy made a stiff gesture for her to join him, but didn't offer his arm like most of the other wizards. No, his hand joined the other behind his back. Hermione had a feeling they were going to stand there awkwardly until she agreed, so she swallowed the last of her argument and took the first steps. She glanced over at Narcissa, who was listening intensely to a wizard Hermione didn't recognise. All was still well with her. Their first tentative steps brought them into the orbit of the others circling the room. Mouths moved as they conversed under privacy charms set to activate the moment they crossed the invisible line. The pace Malfoy set was as leisurely as a stroll in the park on a spring day, but the unease made each of Hermione's steps feel like she was walking on a tightrope. One misstep and she would be in a free fall. Hermione folded her arms at the same time Malfoy brought his hands to his side. She looked out at the spectators. When people started whispering, she lowered her gaze to the floor, counting each step as if doing so might somehow help her arrive at an answer for how she was ever going to get through this. "You're quiet." "I think we can both agree that might be for the best." Hermione tried to ignore the attention as more people were beginning to take notice, some pointing in their direction. She almost went back to step counting, but found herself looking at Malfoy instead. "I think it's wise if we don't have this conversation in public." "Agreed." He maintained his steady gaze on whatever distant point he was focused on. "And not today. We're likely to relapse." Well, that was true. "Then why did you approach me?" "To discuss scheduling." It sounded like a lie, but also perfectly reasonable for a man like Draco Malfoy. Hermione watched for any hint of falsities until she realised she didn't even know if he had a tell. Strange. The idea of him being dishonest hadn't once crossed her mind. "Rather than approach me in public, you could have set an appointment in my Magi-Scheduler." "True." They walked side by side. Hermione keenly aware of both the growing scrutiny and an apathetic Malfoy, unsure of which required her attention more. Seconds expanded to minutes as the silence stretched. It wasn't long before they concluded their first revolution of the room, passing his mother, who had her back turned and was speaking to another couple. Hermione was never good at holding her peace. "What I said about Astoria was inexcusable." Her words escaped in a rush, but she needed to get it out. "I was furious at you and completely wrong. I'm not proud of what I said. I'm sorry." The apology didn't assuage her guilt. But it was a start. "I wasn'tÑ" A wispy Patronus floated in their direction before hovering next to Malfoy, who appeared extremely irritated by the interruption. "Excuse me." She could have walked on and left himÑhad half the mind to, reallyÑbut she didn't, looking on as he stepped off the track to listen to the message while she waited, avoiding the blatant stares. People were whispering now. When the message disappeared and Malfoy turned back to her, Hermione already knew the walk was over. "There's been a security breach at the Ministry." Her eyes went wide. "What sortÑ" "I'll find out when I get there. It's already been handled, but Hestia is bringing us in for a briefing." He looked over her head then back. "I'll call for security to escort my mother home after this. Don't let her convince them otherwise." "I won't." Their eyes held for a heartbeat, and then the moment was gone. "You should go." The nod Malfoy gave was stiff as he turned to leave. Hermione watched him go. A passing pair's presenceÑand equally curious looksÑbrought her back to reality. She was in the middle of the room. With every eye on her. Shite. Hermione turned to make a hasty exit for a table and found herself bracing for another encounter. Narcissa was gliding in her direction, which instantly put her on edge. Nowhere to go, Hermione prepared herself. Narcissa carried herself like a queen, her posture was perfect as she kept her head high, hands at her side. She gave away nothing. Small in stature but larger than life. "Where has Draco gone off to?" "There was a breach at the Ministry. Security will be here to escort you home after the event." "Very well." Narcissa made a gesture for her to continue walking, only now by the older witch's side. There was no room for argument or debate. When she offered an arm, Hermione didn't dare refuse. At least not in public. So, they walked. The silence this time was differentÑless awkward but more contemplative. Like her son, Narcissa did little without reason. There was a purpose for this walk and Hermione found herself trying to ascertain the meaning. She chanced a look over at Narcissa and found her politely nodding at everyone who looked in their direction. "Considering Draco's deep-seated hatred for society events, I am surprised he attended at all. However, I am glad he at least walked with someone today. People were beginning to speculate about his lack of interest." Hermione could tell when someone was after information, so wisely, she said nothing at all. June 27, 2011 Scorpius was not having a good Monday, which meant neither was anyone else. Unlike Narcissa, who was just as quiet and moody, Hermione at least understood what was wrong with him. The source of his discontent was locked in his father's office. Naturally, Hermione had triedÑseveral times with a hopeful Scorpius standing beside her. Hermione attempted every charm she knew, eager to rescue the cactus. But, in the end, nothing had worked; the locking charm was likely tied to the wards of the house. They simply didn't allow her in. And while that frustrated the hell out of her, it also made Scorpius' mood rapidly descend. It didn't help that Malfoy hadn't left a note that morning. An honest mistake. Narcissa had informed Hermione that Malfoy had not returned home since yesterday, but that mistake was impactful. Painfully so. Scorpius barely ate. There were no secret smiles. No quiet yet pleased looks. He wasn't signing at allÑeven before Narcissa came in for breakfast. He looked too grave. Sad. Pale. And on the verge of tears. For the first time, he'd shut Hermione out, too. She was at a loss for how to comfort him and pushing him wasn't the answer. Narcissa had pushed, in her own wayÑwhich already wasn't the bestÑbut her attempt had earned her a look so empty it made Hermione wince. When she left for her room, Hermione turned her chair towards Scorpius and let him take the lead. She didn't guide him. Just let him go where he pleased. "Can I help?" After much hesitation, Scorpius ended up at her side. He just leaned against her, not expecting anything in return when Hermione wanted nothing more than to give him everything. But she didn't, only coiled an arm around him and held on. Scorpius melted into her, and the half embrace quickly turned into a full one. He held tight to her cardigan. And to her. There were no tears, but Scorpius did tuck his head in the crook of her neck. There was a moment when he touched the end of her hair but quickly let it go as if the texture was too unfamiliar. By the time Catherine arrived to escort him to class, he was slow to let go. But eventually he did. He did not accept her offered hand, walking right past her as Catherine cringed and gave Hermione a worried look that required no words. "Go easy on him today." "Of course." Hermione found herself more determined than ever to sort the matter. Moved it to the top of her to-do list. Checked her calendar. Set a date. She waited for a few minutes before she returned downstairs and found herself with the task of contending with another moody Malfoy. This one had also abruptly decided that she wasn't doing anything scheduled that day. Nor was Narcissa accepting any arguments from Sachs. In the room just off the living area, using privacy charms, Hermione and Sachs exchanged words about their patient currently sitting at the table, staring blankly ahead. Hermione frowned at the results of her diagnostic testing. They looked normal, better than they had in weeks. Hermione found herself grappling to figure out what was wrong. It was time to contact Charles for another consultation and some advice. "What were her plans for the day?" "As far as I know, she was to attend a charity lunch. She refuses. She's been in a state all morning, hence her tone with Scorpius. She needs to go, but not like that." She wasn't acting like the Narcissa Malfoy the public knew and adored, that much was true. "I'll see if she's up to gardening or perhaps a casual walk." "Doubtful." In the end, Sachs was right. Narcissa didn't want to do much of anything outside of sitting inside the glass walls of Hermione's conservatory and watching the storm clouds roll in. Sachs had come along, looking at the climbing roses while their patient drank water and glanced around. She watched Narcissa bristle, as if confronted by an upsetting thought, before she turned back to the world outside her window. Hermione took the seat next to her. "Looks like there will be rain." Weather was the best conversation starter that Hermione could think of, and talking was the only way she could begin to suss out the problem. However, Narcissa has opinions, judging from the sidelong glance she received. "Must we chat about trivial topics that neither you nor I care about?" She sipped her water. "Yes, it looks like rain, Miss Granger. Your plants likely need it thanks to your insufficient watering habits." "You're especially moody today." Hermione had been her Healer long enough to know when her patient meant something and when she didn't. She was being surly to hide how she really felt. "Want to talk about it?" "Not particularly." "Is there something you need from me?" "No, you are doing your job exceedingly well." There was a bite to her words Hermione hadn't expected. But she didn't have to push for the answers Narcissa gave willingly. "You are doing your job so well, in fact, that this is the first day I haven't seen him." Him? She froze. Him. Lucius. Or her hallucinations of him. It wasn't listlessness or depression that gripped her like an unforgiving tide; it was sadness. But rather than fight against the current, Narcissa was letting it pull her out to sea. She was lost and drowning. And now that she couldn't see himÉ It scratched at her empathy. Hermione stayed Narcissa's shaking hand, not because of her disease, but because she was close to breaking herself. "I won't pretend to know what you're going through." "I know what you are thinking." Narcissa swatted her hand away like an annoying bug. "Finding comfort in hallucinations is illogical at best, butÉ" She looked over at the climbing roses. "It is nice not to be alone. I know what you must think of him. It is what everyone thinks ofÑ" "I don't." Fresh on her mind from her conversation with Kingsley, the topic made Hermione sigh. "It's not my place to judge you for who you love, but what I will say is you aren't alone." "Are you going to say that I have you, Sachs, and Keating? Because if you are, spare me the platitudes. I do not need them." "I would never, trust me. I was more talking about your familyÉ and your sister." The witch's face hardened like old wood, polished and smoothed. "Andromeda made it clear exactly how she felt when she failed to show up for tea at Grimmauld Place." Hermione bit the inside of her lip as a slow wave of understanding rolled through her. She could easily avoid it, but found she simply couldn't ignore the parallels between her own situation and Narcissa'sÑcouldn't avoid the opportunity for transparency, authenticity and decency. She couldn't pass up the opportunity to make that connection. Hermione cleared her throat and opened herself up for a moment. Just long enough to make her point. "I modified my parents' memories and made them forget they ever had a daughter. I was scared they would be killed because of me, so I justÉ did what I thought was right. After the war, it took me months to find them in Australia, but I did it." Hermione took a measured breath. "When I reversed the memory charm, everything fell apart. They felt betrayed because I swore I would never use magic on anyone who couldn't defend themselves, which was exactly what I did." "To protect them. Surely they understand whatÑ" "They say they've forgiven me and they understand, but it doesn't mean that they've forgotten what I did. The same may be true for Andromeda, I don't know, but the divide between you two may not be as great as you think. I'm learning that with my dad." "And your mother?" Narcissa held her water glass with both hands on her lap. "We're still trying toÉ sort some things." Hermione rolled her shoulders, wincing as she searched for the right words to describe her non-verbal interactions. "My mother and I don't agree on much, we're too much alike, but I make efforts to let them know I care. Perhaps they will truly forgive me one day. I'm not under the impression things will be back to how they were before, but hopefully we can build something new. Something that isn't on unsteady ground." It was the hope that had carried her through years of awkward dinners and stilted conversation. But also the bridge she was building to her father. "As it pertains to you and Andromeda, what I'm saying is don't give up after one failure. Maybe she wasn't ready. Maybe something happened that made her think you weren't either." Narcissa said nothing for several long minutes, finishing her water as she watched the distant sky. "How many failures did it take for you to succeed?" Hermione briefly wondered if the question was about more than her sister. "If you want the truth, I'mÉ I'm still counting." She shook what felt like the hundredth thought from her mind, refocusing despite those pesky emotions that wouldn't subside. "Forgiveness isn't as clean cut as most who need forgiving would like to think. It's not an easy process because we often forget that we have to also forgive ourselvesÑwhich is always a good place to start." Narcissa's eyes were distant, cool. "I'd like to take a walk." Sachs recoiled from her spot near the Touch Me Not. "But it's about to storm." "I don't care." They walked in the pasture behind her house, heading towards the forest, while Sachs stayed behind. The wind was gusting as the clouds continued to tumble in ahead of the storm. By the time they passed Al's marker, the sky had darkened to shades of blue and grey. The storm had yet to arrive, but it was coming. And yet, Narcissa didn't seem to notice. Or care. Abruptly, Narcissa stopped and turned to face her, which made Hermione halt mid-step, feeling her clothes and hair blow into the wind as she struggled to keep the latter from blocking her vision. Narcissa's mouth was pursed when she asked the question she had carried from the house. "Have you told my sisteranything?" "That would be in violation of the Patient-Healer Confidentiality Agreement we both signed, as well as the oath I made when I became a Healer. So, no. I have not." Hermione's eyes fell on the true Narcissa Malfoy. Not the one the public saw day in and day out. Respect swelled in her chest at the sight. Narcissa looked less than perfect in her long, light grey robe: pale features, bright blue eyes, windblown blonde hair. Her slight curls danced in the breeze and she was ethereal against the grey and green backdrop of sky and nature around them. Her eyes, full of memory and melancholy alike, gazed past Hermione. There was a weightless quality to her in this setting, not so easily scared by the prospect of death, but also a timelessness that was. For the very first time, Narcissa didn't seem arrogant or invincible. She wasn't arguing or criticising Hermione for any myriad of reasonsÑfrom her liberal views to the way in which she carried herself. She wasn't trying to be the centre of everything. No, she lookedÉ Vulnerable. Hermione knew that if she said the wrong thing, looked the wrong way, Narcissa would allow the moment to pass, let it fade into nothing. It made her more inclined to listen and less inclined to speak. "Mortality is a funny thing." For the second time, they walked arm in arm. "I've tiptoed around the subject all my life, understanding in some part of my mind that people die, but never thinking it will happen to me, or to someone around me. The war, nearly losing Draco, actually losing Lucius, and the threat we live underÉ that has all changed how I think." Hermione glanced down, watching each measured step. "Now that it is my turn, I find I am grasping at strings of logic that are too far away. Trying to prepare myself mentally for the truth has been the hardest. It has made me fight the reality of your presence every step of the way, even though I hired you." "It can't be easy. None of this is." "No, Miss Granger. It is not." Narcissa's confession was quiet. "I worry about everything. My family and legacy more than anything. I want to ensure their future, but I have not made the progress I would have expected by now." "You still have time." The wind was at their back, blowing Hermione's curls over her shoulders. "You're maintaining." "Yes, which is a testament to your treatment, despite how difficult I may have been." She looked ahead. "However, I feel my time dwindling. I find as I work on one problem, there are others that come into focus. I haveÉ regrets that I have tried not to think about for years." "Andromeda." Thunder echoed the pain Narcissa had always done an excellent job of hiding, buried deep inside. "I realise I should not ask this of you. We have not always seen eye to eye, but I find that I trust you. In fact, I do not think I would trust a task like this to anyone else." "What is it?" Narcissa stopped and they faced each other in the coming storm. "My sisterÉ can you help me?" Hermione reached for both of Narcissa's hands, the trembling against her palms solidified her response. "Of course." Hermione was patient, but not accustomed to waiting. But she did just that long after Catherine sent a still-sulking Scorpius to bed at the end of a miserable day. He hadn't even wanted to draw or listen to Albus' letter. Hermione had Floo called Bill to tell Albus that Scorpius wasn't feeling well. After calming Al's visceral distress with distracting stories and a promise to talk tomorrow, Hermione waited for Malfoy to arrive until well after it became clear that tonight would be another that Malfoy slept in his office. Great. She finally left for home, ready for bed, hoping she could sleep. Hermione began preparing a cup of chamomile tea; an attempt to loosen the tugging in her mind that kept her from rest. Books, a soak in the bathtub, tea, and listening to the sound of rain. Maybe all of that would help. It hadn't worked the previous night, but hope ran eternal. The tea was steeping when her Floo burst to life. Daphne stepped out, carefully holding an incredibly fussy baby Halia, who was bundled in the knitted blanket gifted to her by Mrs Weasley. Surprised to see her so late, Hermione abandoned her tea and washed her hands. "Not that I'm complaining, but what are you doing here?" She dried her hands on a towel. "You and Halia should be at home resting." "We're in the middle of a new routine of screaming fits and I thought we could use a change of scenery." Daphne rocked her daughter, shushing her gently. "Just so Dean could get some rest. I figured you might be up." Hermione was prepared to tell her that she was getting ready for bed, but the combination of Halia's crying and the haggard look on Daphne's face made her reconsider. She approached the new mother, who was sitting on her sofa and staring at her daughter with loving eyes weighted down with exhaustion. "When's the last time you slept?" Hermione peered at the three-week-old with dark hair and olive skin; her cheeks were tinted red. She was the perfect blend of her parents. Hermione was so focused on her task of clinically examining Halia that she didn't recognise that she was being inspected as well. Until she glanced up to find eyes on her. "In the last two nights, how many hours have you slept, Hermione?" "I've taken three vials of Invigoration Draught." There was no sense in lying. "Maybe three hours of sleep total." "Shite." "I've had a lot on my mind. Makes it difficult to rest." And because Hermione recognised all the signs of lack of sleep and knew a screaming baby made the act impossible, she asked, "You?" "Halia's on day two of screaming from exactly ten to midnight, then she's fussy for most of the night. They say she has colic, but we found out, after the first dose, that she's allergic to the treatment potion." A look of stress passed over her features. "We're trying everything that's safe to give her, butÉ" Until then, they had to wait and Halia had to suffer. "I can look into it as well." "I'll never say no, but you look exhausted. Here, hold her while I use the loo and make tea." Hermione ended up with an armful of fussy baby. Warm and squirmy, one tiny gloved hand worked its way out of the swaddle. When Hermione laid her on the sofa to fix her swaddle, Halia snuffled, opening her eyes briefly before closing them. There was a moment of silence. Then her lip quivered. And the screaming started again. Her pitch was almost impressive. "Oh, there." Hermione fixed her little lavender hat and snuggled her close to her chest as she got up carefully, making sure Halia's head was tucked just under her chin. When Daphne returned, she was pacing the room humming, allowing the constant vibrations to soothe the baby as she rubbed her back. By the time Daphne started the kettle for tea, her daughter's fussing had diminished to hiccupping sighs and she had accepted the dummy. She seemed startled by the process, but the relief in her eyes was palpable. Hermione smiled and kept walking slowly, bouncing and soothing the baby until she dropped off to sleep. Daphne opened every cabinet trying to find the tea. "Did you reorganise?" "Maybe." The look she received was almost wincing. "Did you make sad pie?" "No." She had considered it. Blueberry and apple. "Let's uhÉ we should sit out in the conservatory." It was storming now and the sound would help lull Halia without much effort. Daphne agreed and led the way with a teacup in her hand. They settled on the sofa, the room dim enough for them to enjoy the storm; it was beautiful in the way powerful forces often were. Breath-taking. Untouchable and unknowable. Dangerous. Lightning briefly illuminated the world outside the glass walls, followed by the slow roll of thunder. Daphne offered to take the now sleeping baby, but Hermione decided to give her friend a break. "I'm fine." She was comfortable anyway. Hermione looked down, watching Halia suck on the dummy in her sleep. Funny how holding a baby could make every other thing in her mind disappear. "She's just settled." "Not sure how you're so good at that, but thank you." "It's nothing. How's the tea?" "Excellent." Daphne sipped her tea as they watched the storm. When she sighed, it sounded like relief. "I love it here." So did she. "How are you doing?" "Outside of Halia's colic, we've been great." Daphne crossed her legs at the knees. "Dean has been phenomenal, always there to give me a chance to rest. I thought it was his turn tonight. He has two more weeks off before he goes back to Gringotts." She smiled softly, seeming to enjoy having her family at home. "Oh, I put your chamomile tea under a stasis charm, so you can drink it when you're ready." "Thanks." All was quiet. Daphne continued drinking her tea. Halia snuffled in her sleep. Hermione breathed. The storm rolled on and everything was peaceful untilÑ "I know about your argument with Draco." Hermione jolted, but wisely remained silent. "I was bringing Scorpius back after his visit. No one was waiting for him when I arrived so I got him to bed and came down and caught the end." Hermione could only imagine the things she'd heard. It made her feel even more ashamed. "I'm sorry you had to witness that." "I didn't hear much of anything because I was too busy ducking out of sight behind the sofa when you came storming in." They both chuckled dryly but it was stilted and hollow. "I'm just glad Scorpius wasn't there." "So am I." Daphne tilted her head to the side. "You really care about Scorpius, don't you?" "Yes, I do." That was becoming easier and easier to admit. Daphne sighed and turned her attention towards the storm. Lightning streaked across the sky and thunder followed as rain continued to pelt the glass. "He's changing." Hermione glanced at her friend. She shook her head ruefully with a hint of amusement. "For a second that night, I thought he was mouthing words, which is leaps and bounds above where he's been." Daphne eyed her, mouth pressed in a thin line. "You're the only variable that's different. Have youÑ" "I haven't done anything special. I'm just present and I care about him. He makes it so easy." "He does, doesn't he?" Daphne smiled softly. "He'sÑ He reminds me of Astoria. So much. He smiled when he saw Halia that night. I don't even think he realised he'd done it. I haven't seen him smile inÑit's been ages. You might not think it's much, but it's everything." "I know." "My sisterwanted more for him. Better. I have no control over making that happen, but I fought Narcissa about him until I was blue in the face. I keep fighting. Theo and Pansy as well. But now I hear she's easing his schedule and allowing him free time. I can only credit you for that." "I'm not certain what I said that was the catalyst." "Who knows with Narcissa Malfoy, it could be a tactic for all I care. I'm not going to argue." Hermione was quiet while she adjusted Halia on her chest. "What was Scorpius like before?" "I visited whenever I could before they moved back, but with the way I work, it wasn't enough." She paused, running a hand through her hair and waiting for the thunder to pass. "He's always been a quiet and sensitive but happy child. More inclined to watch than speak. Inquisitive and creative. When she was well enough, Astoria tried to foster that, but when she wasn't, NarcissaÉ Well, Narcissa realised where she went wrong by spoiling Draco as badly as she did and overcorrected with Scorpius. She wantsÑ" "To make him strong enough to bear the weight of his name." "Yes, but he's just a child and he needs to be treated like one. I've said this so many times." Hermione allowed the statement to hang in the air, unsure of what to say. Drawn to the sound of the rain hitting the glass roof, and the feel of Halia's breathing, she found the combination therapeutic. Soft. Relaxing enough to allow Hermione to focus, sliding through each option of what she could say only to realise it would be best if she said nothing at all. "DracoÑ" It was embarrassing how just his name disrupted her peace. It made her tense; a physical reaction that was just as mentally driven. That feeling had kept her awake the night after her fight. With the new thoughts provoked by Kingsley's words, everything started to slowly roll in like the rainstorm outside, ignited by a single triggerÑhis name. Similar to the lightning in the sky, it was unexpected and electric. "Probably best if we don't discuss that argument." "I know you're tired, but it's best that we do." Daphne gave her a stubborn glance over her teacup. Then she placed it on the coffee table. "He gave me the memory." "HowÑ" Oh. The person in his ear. Daphne. "Draco isn't like family to me, he is family." There was no doubting the devotion in Daphne's eyes, the heavy emotions that rolled off her in dizzying waves. "I may not be as bold or as loud as Pansy when it comes to him, but I don't need to be for Draco to know that all he has to do is ask and I'll be there. It's what family does. I think that's why, on occasion, he confides in me." Good to know. "He's paranoid as hell but Theo vetted you and your methods. He had no right to take your file anyway or use it to call your credentials into question because of your pastÉ issues. What happened to you doesn't give him the right to throw that in your face the way he did. He also overreacted about the cactus." "Did youÑ" "After I saw the memory, I yelled at him for an hour straight." Hermione shifted in her seat, chest uncomfortably tight. "Ah, you didn'tÑ" "I did. Because he was wrong." Daphne paused then smoothly shifted to a different trajectory, now focusing on Hermione. "But you were wrong, too. What you said about Draco abandoning Scorpius, that's simply not true. I won't disagree with what you said about Astoria, I've expressed my opinion to you about that before, but you didn't have the right to throw that in his fÑ" "I've already apologised to him for that." "As you should have." "And I apologise to you as well. You shouldn't have had to witness that." Halia turned her head, exhaling and getting more comfortable in Hermione's arms. But she slept on. "DaphÑ" "I normally wouldn't intervene. I prefer to stay out of everything, but I've not seen Draco like that in a very long time. Or you, even. And while I question a lot of Draco's decisions, the one thing I'm certain of is how much he loves Scorpius. He has doneÑand will doÑ anything for him. It may not be the bold, expressive love you're used to seeing, but he is devoted." And there it was, in her face, the shades of grey and in-betweens. "There's a lot that Draco doesn't understand about being a parent, things I am just beginning to learn. It wasn't like he had the opportunity to learn with Narcissa raising Scorpius so traditionally. And we all know he didn't have the best example. Lucius wasÉ a difficult man. He loved Draco fiercely, but didn't express it until he was certain he was about to die." Hermione winced at that being his last memory of his father. "He's doing the best he can. Can he do better? Of course, but Draco's human and he's doing what he thinks is best. And right now, that's allowing Narcissa to handle his care until he's in a position where he can smoothly intervene. He's had the plan in works for months and hoped the raid would resolve one of his issues, butÑ" "It was a disaster." "I know. He wasÉ upset about the delay." Daphne's tone hinted at something much deeper, but Hermione knew better than to pry. "Before Scorpius, Draco juggled everything: work, making sure my sister received the best care, his mother's demands, her whims, and protecting them from the wrath of Death Eaters who believed them to be a traitor to their cause." Likely why he'd quietly become an Auror. "When Scorpius was born, things just got worse. Poisoning and kidnapping attempts, it'sÑ" Daphne took a deep breath. "Scorpius has never known the danger he's been in. Astoria didn't either. Draco kept it all to himself to ease her mind." And that explained the depth of his paranoia. "My sister's decline intensified after his second birthday, which shifted his attention even further away from Scorpius. ThenÉ" Hermione shook her head, already knowing what she was going to say. "Now, with his motherÉ I doubt he's had a moment to catch his breath long enough to sort his priorities." "He's not involved in her care." "You don't know Draco." Daphne's voice was grave. "He's very much involved in everything." "They don't talk much. In fact, their relationship isÑ" "Not the best, that much is true, but your relationship with your parents is just as complicated. It doesn't mean you love them any less." When put in that context, Hermione found herself recalling Kingsley's words againÑ this time with a cringe. Perspective. Learning the same lesson in a different way. "Draco was hardly around, only at night and seldom at best. Scorpius has never been good with strangersÑexcept you. But with his father, he's always beenÉ anxious and unsure." Hermione nodded in understanding, having seen it herself, but it was more nerves than anything. Like wanting something so badly he didn't know how to handle being near it. "It's been worse since Astoria died. Draco has always struggled to connect with him, but with Scorpius not speaking and my sister gone, Draco took a step back and kept his distance to ease his distress and help him adjust. He's realising that keeping his distance was a mistake." That explained him trying to wait around for Scorpius at breakfast. The questions. His awkwardness. Everything. Hermione's stomach turned with overwhelming discomfort. "He's been trying to find a way to reach him." Daphne scooted closer and looked at her daughter's sleeping face. "Draco will never admit it, but I think he's jealous. You've done so much for Scorpius in so little time." She rested her hand on Halia's head. "Scorpius is a problem Draco has been trying to solve, but hasn't truly begun to focus on because he's too busy fighting off all the others." And there were many. "With Scorpius not talking and Narcissa insisting they continue the tradition of shaping him into a proper Malfoy, Draco won't get to know him until it's too late. And right now, even though I want him to, he doesn't have the capacity to step in. Not without help." "If you all know this, why don't you help him?" "Draco isn't exactly the most trusting of men." Daphne chuckled. "We've tried. All of us. Outside of visits, he won't accept anything he sees as charity." "That's stupid." "That's pride." Hermione knew a lot about that. Hers was a bit wounded and had been pelted with guilt for two nights nowÑmore so now as Daphne breathed colour and definition into the greys and in-betweens. A picture took shape and she realised all the parts she had gotten wrong. And while Hermione wasn't normally afraid of admitting her faults, there was something about apologising to Draco Malfoy that made her cringe to the point of physical pain. And yetÉ "I'm not telling you this to make you feel sorry for him. In fact, if Draco knew that I'd told you this much, he would make me rue the day." Daphne ran a hand through her hair. "ButÑ" "Would he stop you from seeing ScoÑ" "He would never." She took a deep breath, drawing her shoulders back, then pushed them forward as she exhaled. "Draco'sÉ He's cynical and apatheticÑwell, at least about anything that doesn't pertain to Scorpius. He's a product of the society his mother thrives in. He is so much more than he seems, but don't ever feel sorry for him, he'll punish you for it." "Why do you say that?" "He despises sympathy in any form. He doesn't believe it to be genuine. He trusts nothing except himself, and those trust issues have led to the construction of a large, self-imposed wall." "I'm aware." The one with the crack. "Not even those of us who know him best have been able to get through to him as of late. He's justÉ" Daphne looked out at the storm. "I had Dean and Pansy to help me while I grieved Astoria and I still have moments where I struggle. I'll always have moments when it hits me all over again that she's justÉ gone. Draco has dealt with this on his own, Occluding and just getting through, and struggling just to hold his head above water." Grief. It had many faces, nuances and layers. Wounds buried deep. Cracks only few could see. Pain that time could dull but never completely heal. "It's difficult to let people see your wounds." Daphne looked directly at her. The truth in her words made Hermione tense uncomfortably. "More so for Draco because he's used to people pretending and placating him, used to people only caring about him for their own benefitÑ especially now that Narcissa is intent on arranging his next marriage." Daphne sighed. "He'd rather have nothing than accept anything that's not real. I can't say that I blame him, given everything that's happened." That soundedÉ cryptic. "Purebloods from more traditional families marry for a myriad of reasons, but romance and love aren't always part of the equation families use to calculate and draw contracts for their children's marriage." "I understand that." Hermione chose her next words carefully. "But you rebelled." "And my sisterpaid the price." Tears welled in Daphne's eyes. "She knew she wouldn't live a full life and sacrificed her own happiness for mine." Hermione adjusted in her seat, jostling Halia a bit, but she slept on, not noticing anything. She rubbed her back as she asked, "How did she do that?" Daphne got up and went to the window, staring out at the storm, watching the shadows of the trees sway in the wind during the brief flashes of lightning. She said nothing for a long enough time that Hermione had to make further adjustments to Halia's positioning, which made the baby protest with a soft whine before accepting it. Finally, when Hermione was preparing to fill the silence with words, Daphne spoke. "Draco and I were betrothed as soon as he was exonerated. His parents needed our good reputation and we needed their money. My parents lost everything after the economy went to shite after the war, but Dean and IÉ" She glanced over her shoulder just in time to miss the surprised look on Hermione's face that she'd only just schooled into one of dignified neutrality. "I had no idea." The parallels between her and Andromeda were astounding, their bond made so much more sense. They burned for love and lived with deep guilt over their sisters paying the lifelong price for the consequences of their actions. "No one knows." She shifted her weight from one foot to the other. "Draco and I spoke after we found out. The last thing either of us wanted to do was marry, so before they could announce it, Dean and I eloped. Draco served as a witness. Our familiesÑ" She chuckled darkly. "It wasn't received well." Hermione could only imagine. "But then Lucius was killed, the Manor burned, they fled to France, and everything just stopped until the year Narcissa's book came out and she regained her standing in society. She came seeking financial compensation from my family due to the broken contract, as was her right. What she demanded, my parents couldn't afford, so my sister offered herself to satisfy the debt. Narcissa didn't like the idea because Astoria was sick, but she said she would allow it if Draco agreed. She never thought he would, butÉ he did." Hermione was speechless. "Did she love him?" "Astoria was dutiful as any Malfoy wife should be, as well as she could be, given her illness, but her heartÉ They married knowing exactly where they stood with each other." That sounded miserable for them both. And lonely on so many levels Hermione had been privileged not to have experienced before. Nor would she ever. "They did the best they could. Draco wasÉ not in a good place. He was full of internalised anger and bitterness. His father dying turned him cold and distant, and Narcissa forcing his hand about marrying during her single-minded quest to rebuild their legacy only made things worse. He feltÉ" Daphne fell silent and another roll of thunder passed by. "Astoria tended to him, saw him through each of his dark days until they became few and far between. Draco, meanwhile, began devoting time to learning about her blood illness, studying her treatment plan to the point where he could pick out the flaws in it, which led to him brewing medicinal potions that were tailored specifically to her, much like yours are for Narcissa." Daphne paused for a moment, struggling with each word. "He could have let her die and been free again, but DracoÉ he brought her from the brink so many timesÉ until his efforts stopped working. Even then, she had to tell him to stop. To let her go." Daphne gripped her shirt with both hands while Hermione focused on Halia's breathing and tried to ignore the emotions swelling within her. There were no words. "She knew him better than any of us, understood him, loved him. JustÉ not romantically." Hermione's heart stopped. "ButÑ" "Not all love is romantic." Daphne's voice was as miserable as Hermione felt. "I knowmy sister felt guilty for not being able to muster feelings for him. Draco is a lonely man, always has been, even when we were children. He hides it behind a facade, but the older he gets, the more it seeps through the cracks." Hermione shut her eyes for a moment. "Did she try?" "Yes, but Draco always knew when she was pretending." The same way he could tell when all the women in society were when they approached him. "But she also knew how badly he needed that genuine connectionÉ" Real emotions could not be forced into existence; Hermione knew that all too well. "Did heÉ" "No." "And Scorpius?" Hermione had heard of contracts that involved siring children. Daphne turned to the plant, allowing her finger to run up the spine of the Touch Me Not. "Draco's potions aside, we all knew my sister wouldn't live past thirty, but Astoria wanted to be a mother. She wanted to leave behind someone who would love Draco unconditionallyÉ even though the risk was high. Having Scorpius was her choice. Perhaps the first one she truly made. The first one they both made together." You're the best choice I've ever made. Hermione's hand stopped on Halia's back. She felt weary. Sick with understanding. "Why would she do that?" "He was her best friendÉ" Daphne cleared her throat. "Draco is insanely protective of Scorpius for many reasons. It's his way of watching over the one thingmy sister wanted more than life itself. I think he feels a lot of guilt he shouldn't, but that's who he's become since the war. I doubt he's even given himself a moment to grieve her because he doesn't feel like he has the right." Another streak of lightning shot across the sky, followed by the low rumble of thunder. Daphne turned towards the storm again. "It's pretty bad out there." Hermione had no response. Only more questions. So many of them. Too many. It would be best if she didn't ask any, but she found herself restless, unable to remain seated for even a second longer. Hermione joined Daphne at the window, thoughtful as she watched Daphne affectionately touch her daughter's sleeping face. "How could he live like that?" Married to someone knowing they would never love him. The question was quiet in the space between them. Living like that was a punishment that didn't fit any crime. "I'd say that it's the pureblood way, but even if it weren'tÉ" Daphne stared at the world beyond the glass. "Dean once told me that people will seek the love they feel they deserve. And for a long time, DracoÉ" Felt he deserved none. Sometimes the hardest battle is against yourself. Unknown Chapter End Notes A/N: Thanks for all the love! Art for this chapter: Hermione Granger & Scorpius Malfoy by mignon-chigon Chapter 19: Wine AndWhisky Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Nineteen Wine And Whisky June 28, 2011 Tea. Hermione's current dilemma. Hibiscus tea, to be exact. The bold red liquid was vibrant and alive. Though not a blend created from her garden, Hermione had purchased it from a herbal tea shop weeks ago after reading up on the health benefits. Narcissa had rejected it after one sip, finding it too sour despite the liberal use of honey. The aftertaste was slightly bitter, comparable to fresh cranberries, which she hated. The opportunity to try it for comparison and argument's sake had come and goneÉ Until now. Hermione reached for it slowly, every move more tentative, more cautious than the last. She bit the inside of her lower lip in contemplation. Should she try it? It seemed silly to let it go to waste. Would she like it? Despite the lack of an established preference for preparation or taste, Hermione had that familiar inkling that today's tea would be made to her liking. That very thought caused a shaft of uneasiness to pierce her gutÑhard. She pressed her mouth into a thin line. Equal parts concentration and irritation warred within her. But not anger. That had been burned away last night, fire-scorched earth leaving nothing in its wake except fertile ground and clarity. There were still scars of fire and destruction, they would always remain, but life was preparing to take hold. It was time to begin anew. Hermione took her first step by picking up the cup. A combination of berries and an earthy scent she often smelled after picking flowers rose in a wispy curlicue of steam. She brought it to her lips but didn't drink. Not yet. Even with yesterday's reprieve, today's tea was a reminder of the pesky impediment that made planting difficult. Draco Malfoy. Or rather, the thoughts about him that floated through her subconscious last night after her talk with Daphne. Hermione had laid in bed, in a state of unfocused awareness, as sleep hadn't come easy. She'd tossed and turned for hours and hours, dropping into sleep and then immediately back out, falling in and out of thoughts too heavy to navigate while awake. There was much to ponder, and it was hard to do with emotions and adrenaline thrumming in her veinsÑharder still to sort through it all with truths blurring her vision and her own flaws circling back in on themselves. Round and round, the beginning chased the end, leaving Hermione stuck in a loop of her own creation. Kingsley's words were also there, laying new tracks, changing her course, and closing the gap. Everything crumbled into separate piles: what she knew, what she'd learned, and what she was beginning to understand. But as suddenly as insight approached, her brain steamrolled past it. Unable to back up, it simply looped by again. And again. It was exhausting. Hermione was tired of losing sleep due to her hyperactive brain, tired of turning it all over in her mind while working through each problem thoroughly. But she did it because she had to. She needed to. To plant something new, the soil had to be prepared, conditioned and tilled. The last of which required her to drag up anything under the surface and mix it in with the fresh dirt. She had to combine the before and after, the old and the new, in order to create something rich enough to weather the season and provide the perfect palette for new growth. Part of that process involved swallowing her pride and finishing a half-started conversation. There was something humbling about being wrong and apologising involved more than simply saying the right words. She'd have to change her behaviour and shift her perception to see things that had only been in her peripheral before. Or things she'd ignored. She didn't know what the tea meant; maybe it was his form of an apology, maybe it was meaningless. Hermione took a slow, careful sip of the liquid. It wasÉ tart like the lemons Malfoy enjoyed. Strong. But rather than subject her to the full power of its bitterness, an undercurrent of ginger and nutmeg balanced out the taste, and it was sweetened with the right amount of honey. It was good. Very much so. She took her time and savoured it, enjoying the complexity of the flavours, incapable of further analysis. Not even when she finished. But that was because there were more pressing matters at hand. Steeling herself with unbridled nerve, Hermione set off to Malfoy's office. She worked out the logistics with each step, rearranging and organising the exact words she needed to say in the right order. Her plan came to a halt when she spotted Scorpius in white and green striped pyjamas, his hair ruffled from sleep. He stood still in the hallway, stubbornly staring at the knob of his father's door. Judging by the way he tentatively raised his little fist and knocked, he hadn't been there very long. The sound was barely audible. He put his ear to the door, pressing his hand against the wood and closing his eyes as if that would help him hear any movement on the other side of the locked door. His sigh was saturated in melancholy. Nothing. Hermione made her presence known as gently as possible, but he still jolted and turned all at once. When Scorpius saw her, he relaxed, then went back to listening for movement. She joined him, pressing her ear to the wood in solidarity. "I don't think he's there." Scorpius made a small, stressed noise. His lip poked out in the kind of pout that made her feel completely helpless. But that didn't stop Hermione from kneeling in front of him and fixing his tousled hair with a few absent strokes of her fingers. It was near time for a trim. "Why are you awake so early?" The little boy sent a longing look at the door, jiggled the handle, then glanced back at her. "Okay, I'm going to talk to your father and we'll get this sorted today. I promise." Scorpius gave a lacklustre nod. Hermione straightened, dusting off her jeans before offering him her hand and a reassuring smile. She might have been struggling with the last wisp of her own nerves and pride, but those vanished when Scorpius took her hand. There were certain things more enduring than promises and more important than prideÉ And hers held her hand like a silent lifeline. It was a realisation that should have prompted reflection or brought about a more jarring emotional response, but it felt normal. Right. As natural as breathing. A part of who she intrinsically was. It just existed. It just was. "Help me with breakfast?" Scorpius cast another look at the shut door, then lowered his eyes to the floor, still frowning. Hermione thought he might decline to stay where she'd found him, but he signed his agreement and took her hand again with a look that was as trusting as his hand was warm. "I know you're worried, but he'll be fine, okay?" Another glance back was all it took before Scorpius allowed her to lead him into the kitchen. He didn't let her hand go as they rounded the long table where the note he'd been missing yesterday waited for him today. Trepidation existed where none had been before, but Scorpius bravely picked it upÉ and offered it to her. Hermione accepted it, heart stumbling along, but she didn't consider opening it until after casting a feather-light charm and lifting the visibly confused little boy up on the countertop. At first, Scorpius appeared deeply uncomfortable, knowing it wasn't the proper place to sit, but when Hermione reassured him that it was fineÑjust for nowÑhe relaxed. Blue eyes turned expectant. Right. A lump formed in her throat upon opening the parchment, the memories of the last still fresh on her mind. This one was shorter. Hermione hated that she could tell Malfoy had taken the time to carefully place each of the few letters. Nine letters made up two words that conveyed a type of remorse not easily said. "Forgive me." Scorpius' initial shock quickly faded; his face was serious, mouth sliding into a confused frown that only deepened when Hermione returned the note. He stared at it, then at her, not knowing yet how to ask the question in the language he was most comfortable speaking. But Hermione spoke his silence fluently. "It means that he's sorry about forgetting your note yesterday." She waded the murky topic as delicately as she could with her shifting perception. "Dads can and will make mistakes." Hermione wiggled her fingers in front of her chin to sign the final word she spoke. "I make them all the time and you will, too." Mistakes were human; people were complex and imperfect. "It doesn't mean he cares about you less. It just means he's not perfect. Do you remember the sign for when you make a mistake?" He made a small fist and rubbed in a circular motion over his chest. Sorry. "That's correct." She smiled softly as she once again brushed the blond fringe from his forehead. "It's not easy to say you're sorry, but your dad wrote this note to ask for you to forgive him." Hermione showed him the sign for forgiveness once, then a second time when Scorpius put down the note to mimic her movements. A small smile tilted his lips when he got it right. "You don't have to do anything right now, but maybeÑ" Scorpius signed the word again with more intent. He meant it. "Do you forgive him?" There was no hesitation in his response. Yes. And Hermione understood, in the moment they shared, that while she was teaching him a new language, he was doing the same for her. Children taught the most profound lessons in the simplest of ways. Compassion. Forgiveness. Kindness. Hermione was so proud of him and the progress he had made, but it made her wonderÉ "Are you ready to see your dad before breakfast?" He shrugged shyly, resting his ear on his shoulder and dropping his gaze to the ground. She smiled. "Well, when you're ready, I can help you." Scorpius never responded, but she could tell that the seed that she'd planted before was taking rootÉ Narcissa hadn't had much of an appetite yesterday, so Hermione decided to prepare a nutrient-dense smoothie. When Scorpius asked for one to go with his breakfast, she agreed. She may have also done a light reading on vegetarianism in children with regards to proper nutrition. Berries and pineapple she'd frozen. Tangerines Scorpius insisted on peeling. Fresh spinach she'd picked and kale she'd purchased from the marketÑas well as a bit of honey to sweeten mixed up with some juice and water. Hemp protein she hoped to hide in the mixture. Hermione brought the blender to life with the push of a button, and watched Scorpius' eyes widen. His bare feet were dangling before he rubbed one against the other. With a wave of her wand, she summoned a pair of slippers for him that he put on eagerly. "Better?" Scorpius nodded appreciatively. After everything was blended, Hermione made a glass for Narcissa and put it under a stasis charm; it would be another hour before she roused. The second glass she gave to the curious little boy, eagerly waiting for a verdict as he eyed the metal straw. His first sip lasted longer than usual, and she dipped her head to catch his attention. "You like it?" He bobbed his head up and down, mouth still around the straw, cheeks dimpling. Scorpius finished his smoothie while she mixed what was needed to make eggy bread for them both. When his plate was made, he sat there with an expectant look before peering down. Oh, right. Hermione helped him down and whispered a sticking charm that made it easier for him to get onto the stool. Breakfast was served with little fanfare, but not before Hermione cut his eggy bread into bite-sized pieces. She sat on the stool next to him, with her own smoothie and plate, and watched him enjoy his food with perfect table manners. Zippy appeared not long after he finished to dress Scorpius for classes. When he tried to help her clear the dishes, Hermione stopped him with a gentle look, taking a knee in front of the little boy. "I'll be back in time for you to draw with Albus." Scorpius' face lit up. "He missed you yesterday." His mouth formed a little O and worry etched itself on his brow. He signed one word: sorry. "Oh no, you were sad yesterday and that's okay. Albus understood. Why don't you draw him something to make him laugh. What aboutÉ a chicken." When Scorpius giggled and didn't cover his face, all Hermione could do was watch him with a heart so full it rendered her speechless. Some things in life were more important than her ego. Narcissa was in a better mood. It was day two of no Lucius, but there was an emanation about her today, a strange sense of serenity that permeated the atmosphere. A ceasefire had been declared in Narcissa's war against herself, Hermione, and every one of her personal demons. From what she'd learned about strategy, even more so in the time as Narcissa's Healer, a ceasefire didn't mean that Hermione could let her guard down or that everything just stopped. It was a new beginning to the journey of finding a permanent settlement, the best time to approach failed topics to determine if an agreement could be made and real peace could be reached. Namely, additional help. Muggle help. Hermione had to be careful, her prior attempt had been a massive failure. The first course of action was to gather the support of those closest to her, but with her conversation with Malfoy looming, she turned to two others: Keating and Sachs. In the spirit of overplanning, Hermione set a time and prepared a detailed argument in the form of a presentation. One she never ended up orating because, to her eternal surprise, both women had agreed to help almost immediately. Now it was time for the hard part. After a subtle, encouraging nod from Sachs, Hermione took a deep, steadying breath. She was prepared to make her first move. It was direct, not disguised in cunning. Narcissa would see through anything that wasn't straightforward. "You've shown very few signs of true decline and your results have been rather stable lately. I think it's time we should at least discuss the possibility of consulting a Specialist to incorporate Muggle medication and therapy into your care plan." Narcissa's mood evaporated into mist. "No." Hermione took a mental step back and veered in a different direction. "I don't understand why you're stubborn about this matter." "Wizarding methods are clearly working." Narcissa sipped her smoothie as stately as she could, which was quite the feat. "I see no need to alter anything." "They are working because I've consulted the best and created a plan for your care that was based on theirs. However, there are gaps in care that only a Muggle Specialist can close. Certain Muggle medications have been proven to help. Your disease isn't one I specialise in, and while I've done exhaustive research and learnedÑ" "No." There was a finality in her curt response, an edge that threatened to slice if Hermione dared to press any further. "Your methods are working, Miss Granger. Do the job I have hired you to do." Hermione, of course, wasn't done arguing. "I could do it much better if you let me fully exhaust my options and allowed me to bring someone in that will assist." "You could at least consider a consultation," Sachs suggested with a touch far lighter than Hermione would ever use. "Nothing more." Narcissa gave them both a visible final warning that stopped Hermione from voicing anything else, no matter how sound and reasonable. She could only hope for something to have stuck with Narcissa. Hermione, being a professional at knowing when to charge or retreat, did the latter and gave Sachs the quiet direction to do the same. "Are you feeling up to your plans for the day?" Sachs expertly changed the subject. "I am." Narcissa's careful response was followed by a moment of silence. "I have marriage meetings to reschedule for Draco as his suddenly rigorous work schedule has made him unavailable. I alsoÑ" Narcissa froze, blinking rapidly, eyes moving from side to side in evident and growing unease as she tried to scan her own thoughts. Whatever was on the tip of her tongue was gone. Forgotten. When Narcissa became visibly disturbed, Hermione rested a gentle hand on her shoulder, shifting her focus from what was gone back to her. It took nearly half an hour to reorient her patient before Hermione's efforts finally took hold and she began to settle. The tension slowly seeped from her body. "What is it, Miss Granger?" Hermione and Sachs exchanged looks, silently agreeing it was best if neither reminded her of what she'd forgotten. "You just had a bit of dust right there. I've gotten it. I believe we were discussing your plan for the day." "Yes." Quick on the uptake, Sachs further distracted Narcissa from her moment while Hermione ran another round of diagnostic charms in search of a trend. "Mrs Malfoy has to make an appearance at the Blishwick's tea hour. She also has a robe fitting for next weekend's society event." "I suppose we should hurry along." Narcissa rose to her feet slowly, her peach robes highlighting a tinge of healthy colour on her cheeks. "If there is nothing further, I need to prepare." Hermione waited until they left before reviewing the results. There was nothing particularly alarming about them. After preparing a simple lunch, she headed to the Ministry for a meeting of her own. She attempted to blend into the crowd, but received more than her fair share of glances from employees in the Atrium. It came with the territory. Rumours were spreading like wildfire. Hermione ignored the looks and stood in the queue for the lift. Everything was fine until someone not only stepped too close to her for comfort, but also too close for the contact to be accidental. Cormac. "Must we do this again?" Boredom leaked from every word. "Surely you must have better ways to use your time." "Today my presence is merely coincidental." It didn't sound like a lie, but it felt like one. "After your show in front of the Wizengamot, my uncle has no further interest in recruiting you to return to the Ministry. He doesn't believe he can control you the way he would like." The statement was unexpected but easily forgettable. The edge in his temperament, however, was not. Cormac still appeared just as smug as usual, but there were universal signs of stress in his body language. It made her wonder just how much things at the top were beginning to unravel. Were they at the point of no return? "I'm glad everyone knows how serious I am." "Yes, your threatsÑ" "Not threats," Hermione corrected sharply but without rancour. "I wouldn't waste my time or breath threatening." They moved up in the queue. Only four people stood between her and the lifts. "I do, however, make promises that I intend to keep, either directly or indirectly." Cormac's smug expression faded slightly before it returned with a new vigour. "Such a wasteÉ" His voice made her skin crawl. "Defending Draco Malfoy, of all people. Your threat left us in a predicament that has brought a lot of unwanted attention and criticism to the Ministry." "Both of which are much earned by the carelessness and arrogance of your uncle, the Minister, and all those who support his leadership and benefit from his corruption. As for Draco, I did what was right and I would do it again." Their argument aside, Hermione had no regrets about her actions that night in front of the Wizengamot. She could compartmentalise her feelings and separate the Draco Malfoy she'd defended from the man whoÑif he didn't give her the cactus backÑwould need defending from her. "Such conviction," Cormac hissed. His breath was hot in her ear. It very nearly tickledÑlike a flying bug. She killed it by stepping back and giving him a look that could easily be classified as disgust, even by someone as wilfully ignorant as him. He smirked, not letting it deter him one bit. "There's a ferociousness in you I'd never seen until that night. I'd admire itÉ if only you were that ferocious in other ways." The lift arrived and they filed on. Her hopes of slipping off unnoticed evaporated when she found herself alone with him after everyone else cleared out at the first stop on Level Seven. Cormac wasted no time returning to both their conversation and Hermione's side. He used his body to crowd her into a corner, but she was more than willing to fight her way out of it if provoked. "Your cologne smells like burning rubbish." "Don't lie." Cormac loomed even closer. "You love it." Space. Hermione needed it. As if granting a wish, the lift abruptly changed directions, which made him stumble backwards and allowed her to regain her footing enough to position herself with her back to the door. Cormac was only marginally deterred but remained in the centre of the lift. "Why would someone like you threaten the Wizengamot to defend an ex-Death Eater? It's something I've thought about, something I find myself veryÉ curious about." "There's nothing to think about." Cormac shook his head. "I know what nothing looks like andÑ" "As nephew of the Chief Warlock, I would worry more about your own safety than something that's none of your concern. They didn't give up the prisoners so it's only a matter of time before Death Eaters retaliate." The doors opened on Level Six and no one was there. Hermione could have gotten off to wait for the next lift but she didn't want to chance Cormac following her. She swallowed hard as the doors slid shut. "So, no one told you the details of the security breach Sunday?" "I have no reason to know as I am not an employee of the Ministry. Speaking from one person who has been targeted for years by Death Eaters, you should worry about yourself." The smile on his face turned rakish. "Do you care about my safety, Hermione?" She didn't dignify that with a response. "I have Aurors watching my home and my person. From what I hear, you could use the same. I could make that happen for you. I could even protect you myself." His blatant visual perusal of her body was revolting. "It's a job I would gladly volunteer for." "You? Protect me?" Hermione snorted incredulously. "Hardly." The doors to the lift opened on Level Five. Her stop. Cormac didn't follow her, but before the doors shut, she heard his final words. "Until next time." It took the entire walk to her destination for Hermione to shake off the stench of Cormac's wordsÑand his cologne. When she arrived, the door was open and Percy was waiting inside. His office was clean in a clinical sense that was fitting to his character, but also cluttered in a way that wasn't. Stacks of parchment rolls and books were ordered neatly on one side of his desk while large piles of file folders and papers littered the other half. The sight was jarring. Not because of the disorder that bordered on too much for Hermione, but because Percy was calmly seated in front of the chaos on his desk. "Why didn't you access my office through the Floo?" Percy stood to greet her, dressed like the epitome of composure that he was. "I didn't want to be accused of sneaking around the Ministry so I took the public entrance." "Fair." Percy waved the door shut behind her. "Any eyes on you?" "A few." Hermione took the seat next to his and crossed her legs, declining the peppermint candy he silently offered with a wave of her hand. "I saw Cormac in the Atrium. He seemed a bit out of sorts." "Ah, so they'll know you've come here. I'll have to remind myself to sweep the office for foreign charms and objects in the morning," Percy said flippantly as if discussing the weather. "Tiberius' paranoia increases every day, especially after Sunday's security breach. I imagine that's why Cormac is stressed." "He mentioned the breach on the lift, but was surprised I didn't know about it." "Which breach? There were two. At the same time, no less." Percy noticed her expression and offered the explanation she sought. "I'm not certain why you would know about them. The first we were notified of involved the remaining members of the Wizengamot and their families, his included. Their Ministry files were compromised during the chaos that ensued after the initial breach, which involved someone attempting to release an unknown powder into the air in the Atrium." "Unknown?" Hermione's eyes narrowed. "Was it ever identified?" "Harry and Draco's interrogation yielded quicker results than the Poisoning Team's tests. It took most of the night for them to get it out of the prisoner, but it's very much the same poison you're thinking of. The one you've seen." Percy stood up. "It appears they've managed to successfully alter it from a liquid to a powder, no doubt with the help of the kidnapped potioneer. Tests show that it's not as potent, butÑ" "Still dangerous." Years of threats and laced letters had now been broadsided by a larger one that only needed an open space and intent. One spell would send powdered poison in all directions, infecting everything and everyone within its reach. The magnitude of the possibilities was chilling. What was worse was the fact that, due to the Ministry's prior inaction, they were already behind, which gave the Death Eaters more time and access to their captured potioneer for any further tweaks. "What is Tiberius doing about this?" "He put it all on Hestia, and by extension, Draco and Harry. At least he's throwing resources at the problem, no matter how selfish the motivation." Because he was now at a greater risk of being infected. "Hestia has reached out to Theo, who formed a permanent team in Poisonings to assist. The only issue the DMLE has now is staffing. The coalition has sent over Aurors to assist but they have to train everyone." At least she knew why Malfoy hadn't been around. "Okay, so why would they choose Sunday? There's hardly anyone there." "Practice." Percy gave her a meaningful look. "At least, that's my hypothesis. Theo is leading the push for the antidote's mass-production. He has a small team working to alter the potion enough for it to be taken before infection rather than after." That was something Hermione hadn't known but not surprising. Theo tended to be several steps ahead of everyone. "The powers that be are now interested in assisting his efforts." "Of course they are, now that they're in danger." Conversation lulled but not for too long. Percy checked his watch and straightened his tie while Hermione watched him with growing curiosity. She was mere moments from vocalising her thoughts when he broke the silence. "Due to... recent events, we've rescheduled tonight's meeting." Meeting? Oh. "Oh?" It wasn't on her Magi-Scheduler and, therefore, not on her mind. Malfoy had told her about it the night of the solstice, but the details had been lost to the evening. Hermione ran a hand through her hair. "Just let me know when and if I can do anything in the meantime." "Your appearance was recruitment enough. People are interested and ready to fight." "Good to hear." "I don't want you to exert yourself, Hermione, nor do I want you to become the face of a movement you never intended to join. You have enough going on as is." He wasn't wrong, but that didn't negate her willingness to be of assistance. "I could take on a very small task, but I don't think there are any small tasks involved in overthrowing corruption." Percy laughed. "Likely no. To be honest, I may need one thing from you. It's not something you have to do right this instant, either, butÑ" "Kingsley?" Hermione was astute enough to figure out that piece of the puzzle. "You want me to try and change his mind?" It was a very tall order. "From our talk recently, he seems to be erring on the side of acting as an advisor to whoever will take over, but he did say that he would consider my proposal should I present it. At least the door is open for that." "What are you going to say to him?" "I'll need time to think about it." She wouldn't step a toe in that direction without a solid plan. "Anything else? How is your interpretation of Malfoy's translation going?" "It'sÉ" Percy chose his words carefully. "Slowly." "Oh?" "As you know, Draco has been translating the old magical law texts and I've been interpreting those texts, but that takes time. At the rate he's going, myself and the small team I've assembled won't have it done in time for it to be effective." Malfoy was only going that fast because he was sacrificing sleep, but Hermione kept that to herself. She had little room to judge. "Tiberius is erratic at best. The louder the noise, the harder he tries to drown it out. Right now, he's turned his attention to the Diagon Alley tenants. They're starting to push back and argue the legality of their leases. I'm also recruiting, and people are beginning to turn to the restoration. More and more officials are noticing his behaviourÑunsurprising, really, as he's beginning to turn on them allÑso we're building evidence against him." "It seems as though the walls are closing in on him." Hermione couldn't curb the bite in her tone, nor did she care to. "Good." "They are but I need to devote time to that fight." "My magical law knowledge is a little rusty, but research is a specialty of mine, as you know. I can always find an answer, if neededÉ" Hermione suddenly had the growing realisation that he was trying to feel her out. About what? "What aren't you asking me?" She knew Percy well enough to point out that his shiftiness began around the talk of Malfoy and his translations. "If you're trying to assess my willingness to interpret Malfoy's translation or work with him in any capacity, the better question is: would he want to work with me? He works alone and Ñ" "He does, typically, but the election is being held next August and the Minister is already in the race for re-election and campaigning. We're running out of time to expose them both and submit our own candidate. Draco is awareÑ" "Does he know you were planning to ask me?" Hermione folded her arms. "Yes. And he's already agreed." Before shock could spread across her face, there was a knock at the door. Two rapid ones, a pause, then a single knock. Percy smirked and moved as he waved the door open. As it turned out, they both knew the visitor. Pansy. She looked extremely put out, which wasn't an unfamiliar expression, nor was it one that bothered Percy. In fact, his eyes brightened in that muted way of his. Equal in meaning to the slight softening of her scowl when Percy greeted her by pressing a kiss to her knuckles. The scene provided more ammunition for Hermione to use, but judging from the daggers she had to quickly dodge, Pansy knew just that. Hermione's grin widened. "I'll leave you both to it." Hermione rose from her chair. "Percy, we'll speak on that request later. Oh, and Pansy. Don't forget about Girls' Night on Friday. The conversation is sure to be illuminating." "Some days I loathe you." "Love you too." Hermione blew a kiss and left with a pep in her step. Even with no real destination in mind, Hermione gravitated towards the Auror's Office. The closer she got, the more focused she became. Malfoy. Or rather, her need to lock down a meeting time, date, and location that worked with his busy schedule. By the time she greeted Deloris, Hermione had a clear mind and a course of action. She knew little about Malfoy's day, except that he and Harry had been working together a lot lately. All she had to do was find one to find the other, but Harry wasn't in his office. "He's in the training room briefing the French Aurors who have just arrived." She looked so excited. "It's so wonderful that they're getting what they need to deal with the Death Eaters once and for all." "Where is the training room located?" "Just down the hall." Deloris pointed. "The room is glass, you can't miss it." "Thank you." Hermione smiled graciously, but before she could leave, Deloris said something interesting. "If you're here for lunch, Harry's already eaten today. He and Mr Malfoy had an early lunch together. There was yelling, but I think they were arguing about Quidditch." A peculiar development. "Oh?" She could hardly hide her surprise. "I never thought they would get on. I'm not entirely certain they do, but it's far less tense around here than it was when Harry was first promoted. Perhaps they respect each other now. That goes a long way." True. Hermione mused on that as she walked to the training room. Deloris had been right. It was extremely easy to find. The glass wall gave her a view of Harry, who stood closest to the door like a casual observer. She also spotted Malfoy, in his usual black, speaking to a captive audience of twenty or so unfamiliar witches and wizards, all seated in four lines with no aisles. Hermione couldn't hear what was being discussed. Despite the open door, the room was spelled for privacy, but she could see one of the witches in the front row blushing and smiling prettily at Malfoy. How unprofessional. The far wall was lined with long rows of Have You Seen This Wizard? posters featuring each known Death Eater, associates, members of their inner circles, and some other witches and wizards she didn't recognise. Their faces were twisted into deranged sneers and their crimes were listed under their pictures in typeface too small for Hermione to make out from where she stood. A few of the photos had bold, black XsÑindicating either capture or death. In the centre, between Rabastan and Amycus Carrow, was Fenrir Greyback's likeness. His was the only photo not fighting against his chains or silently screaming and ranting. No, he was smiling, showing off his sharp teeth like a predator waiting for the chance to sink his teeth into preyÉ. Greyback was nowhere near, but Hermione felt a familiar chill of fear curl in the pit of her stomach. She allowed herself to lookÑmade herself lookÑjust for a moment. Her fear passed like the retreating shadow of an eclipse. It would return. Until then, she scanned the rest of the room until her eyes fell on something familiar. Harry. He waved at her to come in through the open glass door. For some reason, Hermione was nervous to enter. Jittery, even. She had never felt like this and couldn't understand why she did. Dismissing her nerves as ridiculous, she shook her head and stepped into the room. Only then did she hear Malfoy speaking. Not that she understood what he was saying. It was in a different language altogether. French. Hermione intrinsically knew that he'd lived there for a decade, but it boggled her mind that not once had she considered that he spoke the language fluently. As she listened, the ridiculous part of her brain that recognised attraction lit up again, but Hermione's attempt to kill the zombie thought went awry and now she had a problem. A growing irritant. Shite. Some interruption of Malfoy's monologue blessedly derailed her train of thought. A discussion broke out and Harry tried to disguise that he was well out of his depth, but Hermione could spot his confusion from space. Clearly. She spoke enough to get around the streets of Paris like a tourist, only able to translate snatches of words here and there. Not that she was listening for content. She wasn't. If she were being honest with herself, she was only paying attention to the cadence of his voice. His French, to her inexperienced ears, was perfect and exact. Malfoy's British Task Force team rarely spoke to him long enough to ask questions, always deferring to Harry, but there was a familiarity in the French Task Force's response to him. That wasÉ curious. The next question came from the blusher, which involved another response from Malfoy that made Hermione listenÑif only to figure out if he was being as professional as he sounded. Or if he was being an arse. Or friendly. It was hard to tell because she couldn't see his face; only his hands punctuated each point before returning to his sides. A habit from his mother's etiquette lessons he hadn't broken. "This is Malfoy's Task Force team from the French Ministry." Hermione nearly jumped out of her skin, not realising Harry was standing next to her. He didn't notice. "They've been assigned here as part of the coalition. Apparently, they all volunteered. They seem to both like and respect him, which is bloody weird." She cocked a brow at him. "Says the person who had lunch with him today." "Says the person who has tea with him regularly." That could have taken a sharp turn had Ginny told him about the solstice, but she hadn't so Hermione wisely let it go. "Before I forget, come out with us tonight." "Hm?" Hermione couldn't take her eyes off Malfoy. "For drinks. At the Leaky around seven. It's the usual group. Sorry for the late notice but it was a last minute decision. Are you free?" "UhÉ" Hermione didn't have her Magi-Scheduler handy so she couldn't be certain, but after finally looking at Harry and seeing the hopeful glint in his eyes, she figured she could shuffle some things around if need be. "Sure. I'll be there. How long until this wraps up?" "He's been at itÉ" Harry checked his watch. "I think they're due for a break." Harry got Malfoy's attention by clearing his throat. Loudly. It made him pause and turn, irritation all over his haughty, bespectacled face. Then Malfoy saw her. While his expression never changed, whatever he had been about to say remained trapped behind his pursed lips. "What is it, Potter?" "Let's take fifteen. You've been at it an hour." "Fine." Malfoy turned back to the group, who were eyeing her curiously, and addressed them in smooth French. Soon, they were out of their seats, talking amongst themselves, several of them exiting past Hermione, likely in search of the loo. Malfoy turned back to them. "I'll stay whileÑ" "I'd like to speak with you, if I can." From the edge of her peripheral, Hermione registered her best friend's surprised recoil, but she was more focused on Malfoy. A single eyebrow raised over the frame of his glasses. "Me?" His mouth flattened into a thin line before he made a stiff gesture towards the glass door. "Very well. Lead the way, Granger." And she did, giving the still surprised Harry an apologetic look. There wasn't a place for them to speak close by, so Hermione set a privacy charm as soon as they exited the room and turned to face Malfoy. He glanced back to where Harry was speaking to the blusher, who obviously spoke enough English to hold a conversation. When the witch giggled at something Harry had said, Hermione rolled her eyes andÑthe rotation stopped when she realised Malfoy was waiting for her to begin, folding his arms and standing in a way that made him seem even taller. "What is it?" "You're not checking your scheduler and since I was already here to meet with Percy, I thought I would come and schedule a meeting with you in person about my cactus." His expression tightened, and his brows furrowed as he considered her with a measure of scrutiny. "Let me make certain I'm correct." His tone was as unamused as his expression. He tilted his head slightly. "You've taken it upon yourself to interrupt my briefing about a cactus that you are perfectly capable of retrieving?" "Your office is locked in a way that's tied to the wards of your home. I can't enter, even if I tried. Furthermore, you've already asked me not to enter your office if you aren't there and I've respected your wishes thus far." A small twitch of his lips scored her a point, but Hermione didn't celebrate just yet. "Second, I didn't interrupt anything. Harry did by allowing them a break they obviously needed." Hermione kept her features and words as neutral as possible; her objective and reasons in the forefront of her mind. "Third, I'm not here to argue aboutÑ" "A leaning cactus you keep leaving in my home." "Yes." She mirrored his stance: feet apart, arms folded over her chest, her chin tilted up enough to meet his downcast eyes. "It might not mean much to you, but it's important to meÉ and to your son who I know is important to you." "Don't use my son as a weapon against me." Malfoy coldness rivalled the frigidity of an arctic winter. It made Hermione bristle. "That's not at all my intention." Malfoy unfolded his arms and brought them to his side. "If that's all you want, excuse me." He attempted to smoothly pivot on his heel to leave. Without thinking, Hermione shot out a hand to stop him. To her surprise, it didn't take much effort. He glared at her hand on his arm, then at her, but she didn't retreat. She met his cutting stare without flinching. She wasn't afraid, only determined, and set in her reason for being here. "What. Do you want, Granger?" Malfoy asked through clenched teeth, stressing every relevant word as his right hand curled into a fist. "I haven't had enough sleep toÑ" "Neither have I, but another day can't pass without us finishing this conversation." She tightened her grip when he tried to tug away from her. "I need you to set a time and be there. Everything else can wait." "We have an audience." Hermione cut her eyes to the glass wall andÑokay, yes, they most definitely had an audience that was unabashedly watching. All curious. Including Harry. Even though she knew she should have, Hermione didn't let go, armed with the knowledge that if she did, the conversation would be over and nothing would be accomplished. "Scorpius is more important than the audience." She held her ground until she saw the shift, the flicker of change that made Hermione relax her grip. But it did little for the tension that had settled in her bones. The warmth that rose to her cheeks equally matched what she felt through his shirt and what she saw just a hint of on his neck. "Tonight at nine." Malfoy adjusted his glasses with his free hand. "I'm not available any earlier but neither are you. Potter invited me to attend your little group outing." He sounded as if Harry had invited him to shovel dragon dung for charity. "I suppose we can discuss after." "Wait. Excuse me?" Hermione had obviously underestimated the trajectory of the shift between the two men because that was the very last thing she'd expected to hear him say. Of course, Malfoy had friends that would be in attendance as well, but not once had he ever turned up. "Harry invited you? And you plan to attend?" "Unfortunately." He huffed out his irritation. "Potter isÉ persistent. Annoyingly so." His expression would have made her laugh, but the situation was too bizarre. What world was she living in? The pub was crowded for a Tuesday night, jovial and energetic. Hermione walked in with Ron, who had arrived at the same time, and earned a few looks, but no more than usual. The regulars didn't care about the presence of war heroes and their friends, but the younger crowd ogled her and Ron hard, whispering amongst themselves. No doubt, exaggerated rumours of their reconciliation would be featured in the gossip rags. She gave it a week before she would have to sic Parvati on them. The location of their table was ideal, in the back of the restaurant and warded for silence and privacy. When they approached, she and Ron parted ways to greet everyone. The first thing Hermione noticed was the lack of Malfoy. Ron grabbed his usual seat next to Harry while Hermione took a little longer to sit, striking up a conversation with Blaise. Per the Floo call she'd received before leaving her home, Padma wouldn't be joining them. She'd asked Hermione to tell her fiancŽ that she'd see him at home later. "What happened?" Hermione explained that Padma's afternoon had rapidly declined after the arrival of a new admission in the form of an unregistered, newly bitten werewolf. He had tried to ingest a cure he'd bought from someone selling wares in Knockturn Alley that the Department of Magical Law Enforcement had been investigating. It ended up being a blend of ingredientsÑharmless to humans but poisonous to wolvesÑand had left him fighting for his life in St Mungo's. "How did she sound?" Blaise's concern for his fiancŽ was far from subtle. "On a scale of one to ten." "Like talking to your mother tired." "Ah." He didn't wince, but Parvati and Ginny did. Because they knew. Message relayed, Hermione took the empty seat located near the middle of the table, placing herself directly across from Pansy and another empty seat. Cho received a hissing glare when she tried to take it. Conversation was rapid-fire but with moments of lull. Chaos increased as they began switching seats to socialise with everyone. Susan left her seat next to Ron and went to chat with Cho. Ginny ended up in the empty seat next to Hermione, who had moved next to Blaise for a moment. The redhead greeted her with a hug before waving the barmaid over as best as she could on the busy evening. "Daphne or Dean coming tonight?" "No, his mother is visiting," Hermione said. "I think they're going to watch a film." "Bold of anyone to assume either of them will make it through without leaving early." "Oh, they're watching it on the telly at home." Ginny's laughter rang out. "That sounds about right." The server came to the table soon after. In addition to Hermione's indulgent order of steak paired with a glass of Cabernet because she'd earned itÑor so Pansy said from across the tableÑBlaise put in an order of Padma's favourite meal on their menu for takeaway: chicken and leek pie, as she didn't eat red meat. For himself, Blaise ordered another whisky, but it sounded as though he might be leaving early. "Who are we waiting on?" Susan asked cheerfully, face flushed as she drank from her own pint. "Weasley's brother." Pansy shrugged casually, as if she weren't waiting for him. Susan gave her a look of disbelief that she pointedly ignored. "Luna and Longbottom are gone to Ireland on holiday. Left by portkey this morning. And Potter says that Draco agreed to come tonight. I'm curious about if he'll show." "He'd better." Harry sounded deadly serious. "Or else." "Or else what?" Hermione asked curiously. "Oh," His smile widened. "I just threatened him with my presence." Pansy's cackle rang out. "You actually used that threat? Excellent." "Why would you threaten him at all, Harry?" Because to Hermione, that was odd. "Thought he could use a pub night." He shrugged. "He's working when I get there in the morning and working after I leave. He'sÑ" "Wound tighter than aÑ" "Malfoy's coming?" Ron cut Blaise off before he could offer a colourful euphemism, rolling his eyes so hard his mouth half-opened from the effort. "Ugh. You lot aren't bad but Malfoy? Kill me now." Pansy gave him a sharp look. "I'm certain that can be arrangedÑ" "If you'd like," Blaise finished with a pleasant smile that showed too many teeth to be sincere. Harry and Hermione exchanged looks with Ginny, then Theo, who tactfully removed himself from the equation by excusing himself to the bar as they hadn't gotten Cho's drink correct. Smart. Was the act necessary? No, but Theo never wanted much to do with Ron's clashes with any of his friends. Nor did he want to mediate anyone's interpersonal issues. He did enough of that while running the hospital. Keeping a handle on Ron's sharp tongue hadn't been her job in years, so he was well on his way to starting an argument when he was rendered silent by a well-timed silencing charm delivered by the newest addition to the table. Percy. "Good evening, everyone." He greeted the table in that reserved timbre of his, pocketing his wand in his navy suit. "Ronald." Percy was all politeness when he patted his brother, who looked hilariously betrayed, on the shoulder. "We mustn't forget to play well with others." It earned him a scowl. Harry patted his other shoulder in support, but didn't undo the charm. Not just yet. Blaise cleared his throat of the laugh that threatened to escape, and PansyÑwell, she was blinking repeatedly at Percy, a light blush staining her cheeks. Then she scowled, probably to prove that she was in charge of her own actions. Oh, and completely unaffected. "You're not very convincing." A tiny smile played curved Hermione's lips. Pansy's glare could kill, but she was distracted when the barmaid brought their drinks. Hermione lifted hers first to Ginny, who accepted her own drink that Harry had passed to her, and clinked their glasses together. While Ginny and Parvati shared smiles, Hermione gave Pansy a knowing look. Percy sat beside her. "You saved me a seat?" "Of course not." She rolled her eyes. The lie was so blatant Susan made a face. "You hissed at me like a bloody cat when I sat there. Cho, too!" Percy brought his fist to his mouth and cleared his throat, looking extremely humoured while Pansy leaned forward and threatened poor Susan's life with her glare. "I did no such thing." "Lies," Parvati added bluntly. "Feel free to murder me with your eyes, but watch out for my face. It's my Galleon-maker." Harry scratched his head. "I'm so lost right now." Cho took mercy on Ron and undid the silencing charm. "Bloody hell!" He turned to a sheepish Harry with a frown. "Really? I had to get rescued by Cho bloody Chang when my best mateÑ" "Oi!" Susan took Ron to task with a single look that made his eyes widen. Nobody wanted to be the focal point of her wrath. "That's no way to talk about your saviour." "Thank you." Cho grinned fondly. Susan beamed. "Sorry." Ron's ears tinted pink. "For the record, there was no hissing!" Pansy pointed out. Everyone looked at her with varying degrees of disbelief, which made her sulk. Percy leaned over and whispered something in her ear that made her pull back and catch his eye, one brow raised in a challenge. After flashing a roguish smirk, she playfully slapped his arm, but whatever he'd said lingered in her body language. She kept glancing in Percy's direction. A look passed between every witch at the table, even Cho. They had a topic for their next Girls' Night. Pansy looked vaguely horrified, but ready to fight them all off. Ginny smiled with all teeth. Excellent. "Was that a fucking leer?" Ron finally caught up. "Are you flirting with Pansy bleedingÑ" He cut himself off, looking vaguely horrified. "For fuck's sake, are you twoÑ" "Are you actually blind?" Parvati rolled her eyes. "Of course they are!" "Is anyone else lost?" Harry asked the table. "Just smile and nod, Potter." Blaise sat back and enjoyed the chaos. "Smile and nod." Hermione and Ginny burst out laughing when Harry did just that, slowly. By the time Theo returned from correcting Cho's drink, conversation had split up by sections of the table. Percy, Susan, Theo, and Cho began discussing work or something, which severely bored Pansy. Harry, Ron, and Blaise began arguing over QuidditchÑtypical. Ginny joined in every now and then to either correct them, give her opinion, or agree with one of them (and not always her husband). Parvati ended up swapping chairs with Blaise so she could join in on the conversation she and Ginny were having with Pansy, who had quickly tuned out the conversation next to her, but hadn't moved. She and Percy were likely holding hands under the table. Pansy and Parvati talked about fashion trends for the summerÑHermione and Ginny could not care less. She'd finished her glass of wine and received her second when the topic of conversation shifted. "How was your day, Hermione? You look a bit tired." "All right." She didn't tell Ginny that she hadn't slept great. That would only lead to more questions and she hadn't had enough drinks to answer any of them. "You?" "Fine. Floo call with the kids. They're doing great. Albus said he was drawing with Scorpius and wanted ideas for pictures to send. I suggested a cow." They both chuckled. "I'm glad he's made a friend. Makes the separation easier for him." "I'm glad they both have each other." The drawing session had been a success, as had Scorpius' walk around the garden while listening to Al's letter that floated next to him. "I'm thinking about sending Albus a sign language book. I'm teaching Scorpius and think he'd want to learn to communicate with him." "He most definitely would. Bill and Fleur would help. Fleur has been watching their art time and thinks their friendship is adorable." "It truly is." Hermione drank a little of her wine. "How's the house hunt?" "We've narrowed it down to a few areas. Malfoy gave us the name of the Muggle who sold him his house." Ginny laughed when Hermione blinked several times. "You heard that correctly." "My brain is trying to compute this andÑ" "Well, look at who decided to finally grace us with his presence." Pansy's announcement ended every conversation. Ron's face scrunched up then tightened with pain. If she knew her friendsÑand she did, especially HarryÑshe would guess he'd stomped on Ron's foot to keep him from saying anything rude. "Apologies." Malfoy's voice made her straighten her spine, which irritated Hermione for a myriad of reasons she refused to identify. She didn't need to turn, but did so anyway. Grey eyes were on her like a brand before he looked away to address Pansy. "I was delayed at home." Hermione rubbed the twinge in her neck, then glanced back at Malfoy. He hadn't changed but had lost the jacket and tie. His attire, stance, and look commanded every bit of the attention he got. From Parvati, who ogled him without shame, Hermione heard a string of curses that sounded somewhat breathless. "Sweet Merlin, he wears glasses? Help." Ginny rolled her eyes. "I can't stay, but as agreed upon, Potter"Ñhe glared at HarryÑ"I've made an appearance." "Your mother?" Harry's question had a level of understanding that piqued Hermione's curiosity. What had Malfoy told him about Narcissa's disease? Hermione hadn't said much of anything since agreeing to work with her. Malfoy's non-answer was all she needed to grab her beaded bag and stand up, digging around for Galleons to pay for her food, but Pansy waved her off. "Go." "You can stay." He put his hands in his pockets. "She's fine now. Healer Keating is with her and she's resting. Enjoy the rest of your evening." Then Malfoy left. Enjoy her evening? Like that was going to happen when she had a job to do. "I've got to go." Ron immediately protested. "But he saidÑ" "I'm aware, but she's my patient." To everyone else, she gave a short nod. "Sorry everyone." Hermione left, catching more than her fair share of odd looksÑfrom Theo and RonÑand quick approving nods from both Pansy and Harry. She ignored everything in favour of following the tall blond man's trek through the length of the pub, dodging happy and pissed patrons alike. By the time she tumbled out the front entrance, Malfoy was passing the abandoned Apothecary that had yet to be repaired. As for the rest of the businesses, Diagon Alley was alive and well thanks to the added security measures. Hermione passed two Aurors on her brisk walk to catch up with Malfoy, nearly bumping into three wizards and a shop door that had swung out abruptly. When she called his name, he stopped long enough for her to reach him. "What happened with Narcissa?" "She had an episode and accidentally Apparated. She wasn't Splinched when I found her, only confused. End of story. You're free to return to your evening." When Hermione didn't move, Malfoy's expression remained tight. "IÑ" "I'd rather make sure myself." Hermione was a bit winded from her walk. "I'm your mother's main Healer, regardless of your thoughts on my qualifications." His jaw twitched. It wasn't the best statement she could have made in the spirit of reconciliation and such. "Also, we are scheduled to continue our conversation soon anyway, so it's fine." Malfoy fixed her with a hard look that could have qualified as a scowl in a different light. Darkness had already fallen and the glow from the streetlights was warm, casting shadows on them both. It made Malfoy look softer. Less rigid. It was an illusion. "Since you're determined, how many have you had?" "What?" "Drinks, Granger." He rolled his eyes. "How many?" "Two," she said quickly. "And I don't see how thatÑ" Malfoy offered his arm. Oh. For a side-along. It was oddly thoughtful. But the meaning diminished to nothing when coupled with the look of irritation on his stern face. Still, with tentative hesitation, Hermione stepped alongside him and slowly accepted his offered arm. She looked up at him, and had only a second to notice the signs of stress creased at the corners of his eyes before he pulled out his wand. They were gone with a pop. Malfoy waited by the bedroom door while Hermione reviewed Keating's diagnostic results of the now-sleeping Narcissa. She ran a few of her own, focusing more on identifying a trend after an episode, and made a note to review each in the coming days. But all in all, minus very slight changes, Narcissa's results were the same as they had been that morning. No rhyme or reason for the episodes. Still, she had her concerns. The list of them continued to grow day by day. Things were fine now, but Hermione was forward thinking enough to wonder about a future when they wouldn't be. Until she could fully get Narcissa on board, Hermione did the best she could. It had to be enough. "What happened?" Hermione asked Keating in a low voice, glancing at Malfoy who caught her eye from across the room. "I was given a very summarised version and have a feeling there's more to the story." "She had a sudden spell and didn't remember any of us, nor did she remember the date or the year. She was agitated and demanded we all get out. Draco was in his office working before he was set to leave when she spontaneously Apparated. He left, found her, and brought her back here before going to find you." Hermione glanced at the impassive figure by the door. How had Malfoy known where to look for Narcissa? Perhaps there was a common place she sought out. Maybe somewhere from her memories. Hermione brushed the thought away. Now wasn't the time to hypothesise. "Narcissa will be groggy in the morning. Any appointments she has, please see that they're cancelled or postponed." "I will." "Also, please monitor her hourly for the duration of the night." "She's had a few good days, I was beginning to thinkÉ" Keating looked down at the sleeping woman and Hermione found herself intrigued. She hadn't considered her as someone who was fond of Narcissa, but sombre was the only word to describe the expression on her face. It was interesting to witness another shift that had happened without her knowing. Her eyes fell on Malfoy again, and Hermione pretended not to notice that, while he appeared supremely detached, he was listening. Why else would he stay? He could have easily waited for her in his office. So, through Keating, she spoke to him. And just as she was certain about the tea he made being perfect every time, Hermione was sure he would listen. "We have a long road ahead of us. Some months will be better than others, some weeks will be harder, and some days will be absolutely brutal. We all need to work together if we're going to have any success. Keating, you've experienced this before." With Astoria. The words wouldn't form. "I have, but it doesn't make things any easier, Miss Granger." "No, it doesn't." If Keating said anything else, Hermione didn't hear. More than half of her attention was on the quiet man by the door. His back was to them both as he stood in front of the still-life painting of his mother that hung on the wall. One that would only come to life when hers ended. Careful, almost reverent fingers grazed the bottom corner of the beautifully crafted frame, adjusting it slightly to make certain it was perfectly straight. An odd action from someone who didn'tÑ "Miss Granger?" Keating's expression was one of worry. "Are you okay?" Malfoy's head slowly turned. "Perfectly fine." Her quick response caused Keating's eyebrow to knit together in suspicious confusion. "In your report for this evening, please make certain to detail any odd behaviours that you noticed prior to the incident. Include every little thing you remember. Just for reference. I will have to schedule a call with Charles to discuss, so please be thorough." Before Keating could say anything else, Hermione left her to it, approaching her last task for the evening. The biggest one. Malfoy watched her approach with a guarded look, his body squared towards her with an air of severity. Rigid and alert. She felt herself tense more and more with each step. "Are you finished?" "Yes." "And my mother?" "Will be monitored all night but she is fine as of right now." Malfoy made a polite gesture to the door and she slowly bobbed her head in response. Words weren't needed. He proceeded to walk to the exit ahead of her, opening the door that would lead them out to the hall and holding it ajar. Hermione blinked. He blinked back. She shifted her weight from foot to foot. "I don't have all night, Granger." "Neither do I, but you don't have to open the door for me. I'm perfectly capable." "You're in my home. It's not unreasonable that I exhibit good manners." His voice lowered. "I can stop." Hermione blinked at him twice, ignoring the warm sensation crawling up her neck. "Is that why you make me tea?" Malfoy didn't answer, not that she expected him to, but he gave her a long look from behind square frames. "I haven't had enough whisky or sleep to deal with the fact that you're grating the hell out of my nerves tonight." She opened her mouth to retort then changed her mind. "To be considerate, I can postpone this conversation until the morning." "Let's just get this over with." But he didn't move. And neither did sheÉ well, until she realised that they would get nowhere until someone took the first step. So, with a sigh, Hermione did just that. She found herself in the hall with Malfoy right behind her, shutting the door. From there, he led the way to his office. Hermione fell slightly out of step with him until they turned the corner. That was when he froze, staring at something Hermione couldn't see from her angle. She sidestepped him and spotted what had given him pause. Scorpius, with his pillow and blanket, was sleeping outside of Malfoy's office. And Hermione's heart hurt. She knew exactly why the little boy was there. The cactus. Malfoy sighed the sigh of a man too tired for words, and his shoulders slumped. Hermione almost said something, but he unlocked his office with a flourish of his wand, and the door slowly creaked open. He stood over his son, mouth twisted downward in consternation. "Catherine said he's been outside my office all week." Good sense kept her from speaking and patience kept her from moving. She wanted to see what he would do. Would Malfoy openly express the sentiments he kept so close? He glanced over at her for a long moment, then back at Scorpius. "If I ask you to leave, will you?" "Do you want me to?" Malfoy said nothing before crouching next to his sleeping son. Hermione watched with bated breath as he carefully brushed the sleep-tousled hair from Scorpius' forehead in a tender expression of affection. Then he scooped Scorpius up with a careful ease he hadn't possessed the last time she'd seen him in this predicament. He'd gotten better. Malfoy rose to his full height, adjusting his son until his head was nestled in the crook of his neck. Scorpius' eyebrows knitted together as if trying to solve problems a five-year-old shouldn't have to deal with, and Hermione's heart gave a fond flutter at the little frown on his face. But he slept on. "His blanket and pillow, can you pick them up? I'm taking him to bed." Without argument, Hermione picked up the blanket and followed Malfoy through the house, up the stairs, and into the first room on the right. She took in her first sight of Scorpius' bedroom in the dim light. It was everything a child's bedroom should be: cool, comfortable, and tidy enough to match Scorpius' personality. But the room was sterile in an unsettling way. The bed, made of crafted wood, was in the centre of the roomÑa focal point, but not one that was particularly memorable. She spotted multiple toy boxes lining the wall on the other side of the room but they looked as though they hadn't been touched. Other than that, there was a small desk and drawer set and a nightstand. It was veryÉ Empty. Hermione placed the pillow on the bed and pulled back the covers before stepping back to watch Malfoy gingerly lay Scorpius down and cover him up. He gave off a groan from all the movement, but didn't fully wake. Malfoy wore his trademark frown but it was softened by the dim light. He took a step back, preparing to turn to leave. Hermione did the same butÑ A soft noise from the bed made her stop and look. The initial sign of struggle drew Hermione in, tugging against her reluctance and propelling her towards the little boy. She returned to his side, taking a careful seat on the edge of the bed. "Good night." Her words were hushed as she smoothed the frown lines between his eyes with her thumb. "Let the stars light the way to where your dreams can be found awaiting your arrival." It was something her father used to say to her at night. Over and over, Hermione repeated the affectionate motion. His breathing changed, deepening until she was certain Scorpius was fast asleep. Only when she stood did she realise that she wasÑand had beenÑunder a gaze so heavy it felt like a physical touch. Hermione boldly returned Malfoy's stare, not knowing what was giving her the extra encouragement she needed not to look away. She caught sight of conflicting emotions as they flitted across his features like a montage of images flashing too quickly for her to properly identify. Scorpius shifted, his thumb finding its way into his mouth. A shaky chuckle escaped Hermione before she removed it slowly, giving his head a soft rub. "It'll mess with his teeth." "Which can be fixed with magic." Malfoy removed his glasses and tucked them into the pocket of his shirt. "Isn't that how you fixed yours?" "Yes." Hermione lifted her eyes to him. "Are you ready?" "I am." There was a richness to his voice that she only noticed during quiet moments. "Would you like a drink?" "I don't drink whisky," Hermione said with the memory of his bottle at the forefront of her mind. "Of course you don't." Malfoy's response was matter-of-fact. Like he'd known. "Follow me." The silent journey led to a part of the Malfoys' home Hermione had never seen. Down the stairs to the lower ground level, she caught a glimpse of the pool before Malfoy steered her in another direction. The wine cellar wasn't an actual cellar, but a room located under the staircase. The large room was well-lit and had rows full of bottles stored behind protective glass. Hermione looked around, not even sure where to start. "I had no idea Narcissa was a wine connoisseur." "She isn't." Malfoy was behind her, close enough to touch, should she be so inclined. She felt herself tense at the mere thought, nerves trying to betray her cool exterior when he continued, "My mother can't stand the taste." "Then why bother collecting?" Hermione caught sight of what looked like an old bottle of Cheval and a Domaine de la RomanŽe Conti, the latter being a wine that took forever to age. "I'm not an expert but I imagine that at some point the wine will turn into nothing more than worthless glass bottles." "I have several opinions on the matter, but my mother would say that the essence of collecting is to hold on to something for the purpose of experiencing it when it becomes more precious." Malfoy sidestepped her and walked farther into the narrow room, stopping to angle towards her. His grey eyes were probing before he returned his attention to his mother's collection, reaching out to touch the glass only to change his mind and pull his hands behind his back. "What she won't tell you is that she collects wine with the knowledge that, as she grows older, so will her wine." Malfoy's eyes roamed over each bottle with mild interest. "Even as she declines from disease, the contents of this room will remain, mocking time. Something she cannot do." Hermione reflected on the heavy statement, allowing it to sink in, really letting it rest in her mind until she was ready to speak. "Everything has a shelf life. Having a collection without eventually drinking it is like building a home and never living in it." "Pick one." "Won't youÑ" "She won't notice because she didn't curate this collection." Malfoy turned his back to her. "When you're interested in something, you're more likely to pay attention to it. My mother hired Daphne to scour the globe and fill this room with vanity items. Ultimately, they're meaningless to her." They fell into a silence that might have been described as comfortable if it weren't for the strange feeling that the walls were sealing them into a room too small for them both. "Choose." Though Hermione searched for something to catch her eye, she concluded that the task was impossible given the variety of choices. Chateaus. RomanŽe-Contis. Cabernets. Madeiras. Some of the wines were older than her parents. Other bottles were younger than her, but would age into their value. Each wine bottle was clean and perfectly placed. It looked like a museum. "Do you drink wine, Malfoy?" Hermione asked, eyeing a German wine whose name she didn't try to pronounce. "Only when I'm inclined." "You could choose a bottle for us both." "Or you could pick what you like." Malfoy turned around, studying her in a way that made Hermione shift uncomfortably from one foot to the other. "Do you even know what you like, Granger? I suspect your tastes depend on the occasion, the meal, the convenience, or the company you keep." He approached the glass door closest to him. With a wave of his hand, it slid open. Malfoy scanned the rows with razor sharp focus before extracting a bottle. "In the interest of time, the oldest bottle of Sauternes we have will doÉ." Hermione's journey ended where it had started that morning: Malfoy's office. Now, though, she was inside of it. Leaning against the shut door, she tracked his movements as he went about each task. Transfiguring one of his whisky glasses into something suitable for wine. Uncorking the bottle. Letting it breathe. Hermione only looked away to take in the office she hadn't been inside of for a while, picking up all the small differences. Even those that wouldn't be noticeable to anyone else. Children's books lined the bottom row of the bookcase, including a familiar plant book woven into a memory Hermione wouldn't soon forget. She continued scanning the room until her eyes fell on the cactus, which was in a place she hadn't expected. On Malfoy's desk. Under a light. The bulb was bright enough to mimic sunlight, and the open book next to it displayed a larger version of the small plant on his desk. Hermione tore her eyes from the puzzling sight, allowing her focus to return to the most perplexing thing of all. Draco Malfoy. He was watching her quietly, steadily, lifting his brow before he went to his desk. He picked up the cactus, examining it as if there were runes on the bottom of the pot that could solve all his problems. "I'll confess I don't understand." The quality of Malfoy's voice was low and gravelly. "He has toys he doesn't play with, books and all sorts of gifts he's received, but it's this that he cherishes above all." "Sometimes we find similarities in unexpected things." "Is that so?" His expression was disarming, to say the least, like a first warning to keep her distance, but she was unable to. "Yes." Hermione joined him at his desk. She held her hand out for the plant that he gave to her willingly. "It's not always about material things, but the sentiment behind them." "What sort of sentiment can be found in a cactus that doesn't even stand straight?" "Hope. Strength. For ScorpiusÉ companionship." She placed the plant on the desk. "Al helps, but he's still lonely enough to find comfort in a cactus." Hermione felt a familiar stir of emotions that made her look away and down. "You took that from him. Of course he's going to try and get it back. He's stubborn. He's your son, after all." For quite some time, Malfoy remained silent, pulling his glasses from his pocket and placing them on the desk as he circled it to shut the open book. In a quick display of wandless magic, he made a sharp gesture with his finger that pulled open the drawer to his desk. Another one lifted a bottle of whisky from its depths before resting it gently on top of his respectably cluttered desk. He poured her a glass of Sauternes that hadn't breathed long enough, but she didn't care, swirling the contents before taking a much needed sip. It wasn't at all what she expected. Instead of bold or floral, the taste was modest, slightly nutty with a citrus quality she appreciated. Malfoy poured himself a finger of whisky, drinking it quickly before tipping more into the glass. That time he didn't rush. Holding it to his lips, his eyes stayed on her. "And?" "It's good." Excellent even. Something she could drink simply because she wanted to. "How did you know I'd like it?" "Lucky guess." "I'm not that predictable." "In some ways you are." He shrugged and took another long sip. "But in others you aren't. I have to say, yelling at me about abandoning Scorpius was quite the surprise." "You attacked me at the core of who I am as a person. If you thought I wouldn't defend myself or air my own observations and grievances, you don't know me at all." "I never said that I know you, I just said that you're predictable." "That implies a level of knowledge that you've just stated you don't have." Malfoy didn't respond and she wondered if she'd struck a nerve. He finished his drink and left the empty glass on the table. Hermione sat in the chair and observed the careful way he put the book about the cactus back in its spot on the shelf. His back was still to her when what sounded like reluctant words spilled from his lips. "I'll confess, I overreacted about the plant." When she made an involuntary sarcastic noise, his neck snapped to her. Hermione avoided his glare by looking at the family portrait above the hearth and drinking more of her wine. "I don't take chances with his safety." "I know." After finishing her glass, Hermione leaned back in the chair. "Nothing in or out without your knowledge. That extends to the rigorous checks that you perform on the people responsible for his care and educationÉ and unnecessarily extended to me, as you know my history." In some ways, Draco Malfoy was a part of it. "Furthermore, he's not to go anywhere without security, someone you trust, or you." "That's all correct." He pulled over the chair next to her and sat down. "Do you know why?" "I have an idea." Hermione placed the empty glass on his desk. "Daphne told me a bit, but not everything. She said it was up to you." "Of course she did." Malfoy ran a hand through his hair. "Harry receives threats every day but his kids aren't isolated. They attend school and have made friends. ScorpiusÑ" "Is different because he's my son." Malfoy's tone was as tense as his face. "What my family did was seen as a betrayal, and it carries a sentence my father has already served and we've avoided for years." Death. "However, they are no longer interested in my mother. If they do succeed in killing me, it'll be a bonus, but ScorpiusÉ" A look passed between them. "He is my reckoning." Malfoy folded his arms. "Who is more dangerous?" His unexpected question eclipsed the silence. "A man with nothing to lose or one with everything?" "That's easy." Hermione allowed her eyes to skim the rows of books in her line of sight. "A man with nothing will go to greater extremes. The man with everything is blinded and logically inconsistent." Malfoy made a non-committal noise. "I'd like to challenge your way of thinking." "I don't expect anything less." "Your answer is correct, but you don't account for people and their circumstances." Or him, a quiet voice whispered, noting the fierceness in his voice. "A man with nothing doesn't know what it's like to have everything, but someone who has everything and loses itÉ there's no one more dangerousÉ or vengeful." "Which are you?" A sensation coursed through her veins. "Are you a man with nothing or everything?" "Neither. Both. I have nothing for myself, but everything for him." The answer was so raw it evoked a swirl of mixed feelings in her, calling to mind so many responses that she thought it wise if she said nothing. Hermione waited, swallowing each comment down until she was stuffed with unspoken words. But she had to speak. "You have Scorpius. You have your mother. You have your friends. You aren't a man with nothing, Malfoy. You're a man with everything who won't acknowledge it because the risk of losing it is more than you can bear." The heavy weight of his eyes made it hard to even look at him, but Hermione persisted with an ease that only came with understanding. "Is that another reason why you've kept your distance from him?" Malfoy drank another finger of whisky. "You're only as alone as you choose to be." Hermione would have seen the incremental shift in him even if she were blind. "I suppose you would know, wouldn't you?" He was right. Easy to admit that she saw a manifestation of it in the silence of a compassionate child. But now Hermione was faced with a bigger dilemma she could no longer ignore. She had to allow herself to see what she'd only heard about, and acknowledge what she had caught glimpses of in little moments over the course of days, weeks, and months: The loneliness in the man watching her. One that mirrored her own. "Are you still lost?" The question was out before she could stop herself, the echoes of a previous conversation still ringing in her head, not at all dulled by the wine. "Are you?" Hermione stared at him without answering, seeing the lies she told herself in his expression, her justifications in his antipathy, her excuses in his defensiveness. She felt loose from the wine and lack of food in her belly, honest and a bit raw from her introspection. Hermione waved her hand, poured herself another glass, and started sipping slowly. "You know," she chuckled dryly, "my objectives in coming here were Scorpius, my cactus, and to apologise for saying you'd abandoned him." "And the rest?" Malfoy's question was nearly a whisper. "Outside of what I've already apologised for, I meant everything else I said." Silence returned like the deafening calm after the storm, but it didn't last. "I suppose you're expecting an apology from me as well?" "I don't set the same expectations for you as I do for myself. That leads to disappointment." Hermione picked up her glass and approached the bookshelf right beside where he sat. She wondered if he'd read everything on his shelves. She ran her fingers along the spines until she stopped on a hardback that looked interesting. A classic. The Count of Monte Cristo. Second edition. Rare. It sat next to Tolkien. She studied the book to its right and left. Outside of the plant books, placed at the appropriate height for the reader, how Malfoy had organised his collection made little sense. That seemed to be a theme. Malfoy moved and Hermione allowed herself to watch him stand up and approach the cactus again. For several minutes, they silently focused on their tasks. Hermione sipped her wine and tried to understand the logic behind the arrangement of his books. Malfoy studied the cactus as if he were trying to unlock a code. "IÉ also meant what I said, except for certain unfortunate statements." While that was a better apology than Hermione had expected, what happened next surpassed every single expectation she didn't have. Malfoy talked. "While it's my mother's role to control what Scorpius learns and his day-to-day activities, outside of that, each and every external factor of his safety is my responsibility." Obviously not one he took lightly, judging from the cadence of his words and the fierceness in each one. "It is also something that I can control. I don't leave anything to chance and luck. That may work for you and Potter, but that doesn't work for me." Hermione touched the elegant spine of The Picture of Dorian Gray. First edition. Priceless. It sat next to a biography. "You can't control everything, but what you can, you will," she concluded after another sip. "Lessen the variables and logistical vagaries to increase your control over the things you can. Am I right?" She looked over her shoulder at the wizard who was leaning against his desk, holding the cactus in both hands. Malfoy nodded curtly. That logic was deeply appealing to the rational part of her brain, but it didn't work for the side that thought of Scorpius. "That logic can be applied to everything except people. Especially your son." Malfoy frowned. "I know the situation isn't ideal, but I do it for his safety. This way, I can focus solely on eliminating the Death Eaters without having to worry about them getting to him. After, I'll re-evaluateÑ" "No." Hermione turned around. "You can't keep him isolated until you eliminate the threat against him. It could take monthsÑyears! He's not a wall of books you haven't organised, he's a child. You can't put him to the side to deal with later." When he started to tense, Hermione took a breath to stifle her anger. Then another. She finished her wine before speaking again. "What I mean to say is that he's getting older. Each day he's changing. You don't know him, and the older he gets, the harder it'll be to find out because he's learning not to depend on you. And with his mother and grandmotherÉ" Hermione trailed off with some difficulty. "Scorpius is your son. You can't continue to prioritise him incorrectly. By the time you're ready, it'll be too late. He'll resent you." "If he doesn't already." His words were cold with bitter regret and brutal honesty. The simmering, self-righteous fire inside of her died. Malfoy, meanwhile, appeared angry for even saying it. He scrubbed a hand over his faceÑtwice. It wasn't her plan, but Hermione approached him before she could talk herself out of it. And now, as she stood in front of him, she didn't know what to say. Hermione ran her finger along the charmed spines of the cactus. "Like trust, resentment isn't learned; it's earned through actions. You can control those." "He's not old enough. My motherÑ" "For someone who pushes and challenges my thought process, you don't step out of the box that's been chosen for you. I won't presume to know how you were raised or understand the relationship between you and your parents, I'll only ask if you plan to raise Scorpius the same way." Her eyes made the journey to his. "Are you going to make the same decisions that were made for you? Pick his life? Pick his wife?" "No." Malfoy recoiled. "He will choose as he pleases." "Then why does it matter if you wait until he's older to step in?" "It's just how it's been done. It's our way of doing things." He didn't know a different way. The fact that she didn't rant and rave about the pureblood way felt like progress, but that had every bit to do with her conversation with Kingsley. Understanding his points provided a new perspective, which made her hope that one day Malfoy would be able to sort and pull and find a way of life that worked for him, too. One that was better for them both. "I don't agree with how things are done, but I can respect it. However, at the same time, I feel it's your choice how you raise your son. Whether you get involved tomorrow or when it's deemed appropriate, you're going to help mould him into the man he'll become. What sort of man that isÉ well, I can't say now, but you set the tone for behaviour through how you treat him and others." Hermione found herself keenly aware of how close they were, how she had to lift her head slightly to bear the intensity of a direct look. But the cactus in his hands served as a point of reference, the only buffer between them. "Your duty to Scorpius isn't just about his physical safety, it's about his emotional needs, too. You don't like leaving anything to chance, so you can't leave that to chance either." Her words were met with more of that complete and utter silence. And then came his defence. Ready to challenge her. "You're extremely opinionated about a child that isn't yours." Sometimes a good offence was an even better defence. Tonight, hers would be honesty. Both with herself and with Draco Malfoy. "I care about him. I'm not ashamed of it. I'd apologise for intruding, but I'm not one to apologise for anything I'm not sorry for." And just like that, something in him levelled out. Went silent. Cooled. Malfoy cast a sidelong glance at her then down, blinking several times. That time, his honesty wasn't so accidental. It was calculated. "How did youÑ" He cleared his throat. "Catherine and my mother say he's taken a liking to you." Even between the lines, Hermione could read him clearly, understanding just a piece of him that made up the whole. Daphne's words were replaying over and over in her head. He didn't expect a second chance. Life rarely worked that way. But Draco Malfoy was just a person who had more losses than wins. A man who wanted what most people wanted. What she wanted herself. Connection. Perhaps she could help him make the most important one of all. The one with his son. "If you learn the language of his silence, he's not difficult to understand." Hermione lowered her eyes to the cactus. "If you want to learn, I can teach you. If you want to understand, I can show you." "Sign language?" So he knew about that as well. Catherine really couldn't keep a secret. "That too, if you'd like." Hermione allowed herself to relax and explain her bond with a boy more important than pride itself. "Scorpius is as stubborn and prickly as the cactus he sees himself in, but he gets that from you." Malfoy narrowed his eyes and she shrugged innocently, a familiar smile growing on her face. "Why he likes me, I don't know. Perhaps it has to do with the fact that I'm dedicating time to showing him something other than composure and rules. I talk and pay attention to him. I give him a choice and a safe place. I show him the things I love and show interest in what he loves. I'm consistent and present." His eyes flickered away briefly, mouth tightening into a frown, but they returned and Hermione held on tight, unable to release him. "There's nothing special you need to do except stop being a ghost in his life. Reach out to him and he'll reach back. He watches you, not only out of fear and nerves, but because he wants to know you just as badly as you want to know him. He keeps every note and tries to read them. He can't quite read them just yet, but I think when he can, he'll understand you better. Until then, you have to stop hiding and show him who you are." Malfoy appeared deep in thought, his face drawn in concentration. "You'll have to earn it, but he's more than worth it. There's kindness in himÑ" "You sound surprised that he's capable of those characteristics." There was that defensiveness again, but Hermione was unbothered by it because she'd expected it to rear its ugly head. "Is it because he's my son that you're surprised he's inherited something other than hatred and prejudice?" "Neither of those are innate, they're learned. The fact that he's neither of those things speaks more to the person his mother was. Perhaps they also speak to who you are now, rather than who you were taught to be." Malfoy was midway through the act of handing her the cactus when he froze. His sleeve slid back just enough for Hermione to see the bottom of the dragon that coiled around his arm. His eyes were still on her, still full and searching, but she didn't look away. She held firm and let him look. She had nothing to hide. "I know why you protect him, but there are better ways to do that than shielding him from both the world and yourself. I don't understand your need to do everything alone when you have people willing to help. Why don't you trust them?" "I only trust myself and sometimes I'm even wrong there." His honesty had been coaxed out by the whisky. "This is less of a gamble than the alternative." "Do you even believe that? Or is it something you tell yourself as an excuse? You let everyone in to a certain degree." Some more than others, but they all had their pieces to his puzzle. "For pure necessity and in some cases, sentiment." Daphne. Funny, she never thought of Draco Malfoy as a sentimental man, but Hermione knew better than to comment. "I hope that you trust that I would never give Scorpius anything that would hurt hiÑ" "You're too noble to hurt him." "That has little to do with it. He's a child. He's innocent." "Not to everyone." Malfoy's chuckle was rueful. "To the Death Eaters, he's a means to my end. To everyone elseÉ. At the end of it all, no matter what good I do, he's still a Malfoy and he's still my son. There are people out there who'll judge him by that alone, who'll hurt him for that as well. The sins of the fatherÑ" "Don't always pass to the son." Malfoy tensed and Hermione watched his fingers trail down the spelled bristles as if testing the charm. "Why does it lean when it appears to be healthy otherwise? If you must know, the reason I haven't given it back is because I was trying to straighten it, but no matter how much magic I use, it won't correct itself." Which wasÑwell, Hermione wasn't exactly sure what to think about that. "Because it's recovering and things like that aren't instant. Water. Sunlight. A proper home. Patience. And time. It'll take everything aligning for nature to change its course. Not magic." The same could be applied to Scorpius. And to him. He tilted his head slightly, frowning. "Why did you give it to him?" "I didn't." Unconsciously, Hermione followed the expressions of his countenance. "But I've realised the cactus is just as much his as it is mine." "And you would just give it to him?" The concept seemed foreign to Malfoy, who had figured out long ago that life was transactional and some things came at a price he wasn't willing to pay. "Why? He doesn't need your pityÑ" "Never pity." "ThenÑ" "Kindness." Hermione covered his hands with hers, feeling his warmth on her palms. "Whether or not you accept it or even believe me, you deserve it too." Let kindness be the language of your heart. Alexandra Vasiliu Kindness DHR Source: Jaxxinthebox Chapter End Notes A/N: Draco's dialogue about Scorp lived rent free in my head since I wrote it. Hope you all enjoy this chapter. Embedded art by Jaxx-in-a-box [ Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Art for this chapter: Scorpius Malfoy Sleeping by willowalla &Hermione & Draco by artseushi Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Twenty Observational Awareness July 8, 2011 There was no such thing as a perfect revolution. Each one had its own unique challenges, and it didn't take long for Hermione to suss them out at the core of Percy's movement. First and foremost, there was friction. Multiple layers of it. It wasn't problematic now, but in the future it could threaten dialogue, test old loyalties, or disallow the opportunity to create new solutions to problems that arose. There was no telling which way it would go, but Hermione could easily see why Percy had kept her and Harry out of the fray. But now that they were in, there was no turning back. The problems boiled down to the fact that there were many, many different minds, views, and beliefs crammed into one room, working to resolve one multi-faceted problem. There was no easy solution, no right or wrong. Every decision was, to its core, grey, with hints of old issues mixed with new ones strewn about. Ones that Percy had asked her ahead of time to keep an eye out for. Observation was the best way to document and analyse those present, and before the start of the meeting, Hermione did just that, slipping into a role she hadn't worn regularly for years: The politician. She wore the role like a set of ill-fitting robes, but no one could tell except her. There was tightness and discomfort, the materialÑwhich once felt like a second skinÑwasn't familiar at all. But tonight it would have to do. Hermione performed. It was what she did best. Guarded interactions appeared genuine and chummy; she gave them the illusion that she was playing their games while not actually engaging at all. Nearly everyone present was familiar, and she quickly got reminders of their personalities and refreshers of their dynamics while they interacted with the others. But a few of them were new. Not that it mattered how well she knew any of them. New and old alike, everyone was happy to see Hermione Granger again in a political capacity. Though they all asked her when she was coming back, she knew better than to answer. Instead, Hermione absorbed their words and filed each person into three categories: who was genuine, who had their own agenda, and who had lost sight of the ultimate goal of restoration. The task was simple yet necessary. They were all leaders in their own rightsÑthe elite among the oppressedÑand history told her that they were the ones ripe with potential to become a new generation of oppressors. Which simply could not happen. It didn't take long for Hermione to confirm two things: Everyone present was an unequal blend of the first two categories. All of them were unified against a different common enemy: Draco Malfoy. Or, more accurately, their complete distrust in him. It wasn't overt around Percy, but when out of earshot, true colours emerged, and their discontent with Malfoy's presence became pronounced. From the moment he entered, excited eyes turned sour and polite smiles transformed into sneers. Tension rose like a swelling tide, soon to overflow. If Malfoy noticed, he didn't react. He spoke few words, and only to Percy and Harry. To her, he offered a glance Hermione had no hope of deciphering, but that didn't stop her from trying as he sat in a wingback chair and waited for the pre-meeting social hour to conclude. After their exchange substantiated the rumours of cooling antagonism, they stopped complaining about Malfoy in Harry's presence, which he acknowledged with a quick look in her direction before excusing himself to allow Hermione to finish collecting data. Without prior knowledge of any direct link between them, everyone spoke openly and didn't hold back their opinions on Malfoy. Cold. Entitled. Paid his way into his position. Arrogant. Rude. Death Eater. A wolf in sheep's clothes. Nothing new. They nudged and hinted and poked Hermione to voice her opinion, but she navigated their comments and chose her words carefullyÑall without giving them the proper fuel to intensify their ire. "What do you think about him?" The direct question from the Head of Department of Magical Accidents and Catastrophes was bold and probing, a repeat of the Ministry's Head Librarian question. "I didn't come here to give my opinion. I came here to help with the restoration." It was clear she wanted a response Hermione wouldn't offer, but she left it at that as the group relocated to the specified meeting room. The assembly took place in a wizarding library Hermione had never heard of. Guards had greeted her at the door, stepping out the shadows and shedding their Disillusionment Charms. It would have been more alarming had Percy not warned them all prior to arrival. After checking their identities, neither she nor Harry had been allowed their wands upon entrance. Hermione had even reluctantly turned over her beaded bag. She had been thoroughly unamused, but wands were only allowed to members. Warded for silence and privacy, the space they entered was little more than a large conference room. It was decorated traditionally but the atmosphere was as sterile as the mood around the elaborate circular table as everyone took a seat. Deliberately Arthurian on Percy's part, the table was a symbol of equality and unity, but also an illusion. "Tiberius is on the move to try and suppress the rumours of backroom deals that keep coming out in the gossip rags." The elderly Head of the Central Department shuffled the papers he'd brought. "He has threatened them with sanctions and made a similar threat to the Prophet. Skeeter isn't happy and is willing to work with us, but I only trust her to infiltrate his office. She has a way of getting damaging information that's beneficial." Hermione exchanged a quick look with Harry. Of course she did. "Send her my way. I'll handle any exchange of information." But Percy didn't look pleased about the potential alliance as he glanced across the table at a different wizard. "Kent, how have you managed your task?" "I haven't been able to infiltrate his circle." That was interesting because he ran the Wizengamot Administration Services and likely worked closely with each member, Tiberius included. "He's closed ranks around himself since the murders. He's questioning more employees and terminating anyone he can prove is involved in the restoration. He wants to fill the seats of the murdered Wizengamot members with his allies but none of them want to take the positions." Likely because of the massive target they'd be putting on their back. Percy sat in thoughtful silence for just a second. "I'd advise you to continue what you're doing. He would see any change in your behaviour as an excuse not to trust you. Don't give him a reason to interrogate you." On and on it went, more and more reports of the Wizengamot scrambling to save themselves in the fallout of their incompetence getting exposed to a degree. Backroom deals being made that favoured the elite. Suppression of anyone trying to vocalise the hypocrisy. Talks of time in Azkaban given to any employee who speaks out or divulges information to the hungry press. Not at all legal. It was every bit the mess Hermione thought, and so much worse because their attempts at fixing it were so thinly veiled even a blind person could see the reason behind their actions. The only bright spot was when Harry, of all people, spoke up. "A member of the Wizengamot approached me in the last week offering to help oust Tiberius." The entire room, including Hermione, looked at him in shock. Harry instinctively rubbed his forehead. "I, uh, acted like I didn't know what they were talking aboutÉ" "Smart. We'll discuss that later." Percy took mercy on his brother-in-law. "Anything else?" Once all pertinent updates had been given, Percy opened the floor for questions, albeit reluctantly. Hermione was quickly reminded about their second common enemy, who was sitting up in acute awareness as everyone looked to one presence. The Head of The Department of Mysteries, which had been crippled over the years with Tiberius monitoring their every move. Outside of Percy, and with Hestia not present tonight, he was the most senior ranking department head and acted as such. "Some of us have concerns that I have been nominated to express." Cowardly. Hermione scanned the room, taking in their expressions and noting the few that didn't seem to agree with his presentation. "I would hope that I have provided a safe space in which you are all allowed to speak freely." Percy's address to the room brought everyone's attention back to him. "If I have not, please advise me so that I can make the proper adjustments." When no one said anything, he addressed the speaker. "Now that the matter has been addressed, I would prefer that you speak for yourself in this setting and allow the opportunity for others to do the same." Percy sounded painfully professional but there was a slight glint in his eye that spoke of his annoyance. "We each have our tasks, of course, but we haven't received a single update regarding the law translation efforts in months. Is that still happening?" "YesÑ" "I'd like to be updated by Mr Malfoy." Percy was interrupted by the Head Ministry Librarian. Malfoy remained inscrutable as ever. "Very well." He folded his hands, appearing relaxed, if not for the sharp look in his eyes. "I have translated three of the nine books that I have discovered which may pertain to our situation." "Only three?" Hermione nearly recoiled. She knew the hours he'd dedicated to more volunteer work he'd never get any credit for doing. Apparently she wasn't the only one who thought the comment was unreasonable. From the corner of her eye, she saw Harry purse his lips. Percy's jaw clenched. "Yes. Three." Malfoy's words were tactfully clipped. "There are at least a hundred pages in each book." "And it takes three months to translate?" the Head of Magical Artefacts asked. "I only inquire because the last meeting you attended was three months ago when you first started." Percy started to speak but Malfoy cut his eyes over and nodded confidently. "As a matter of fact, a translation of this magnitude should take three times as long, as I must first read it in order to decide what parts are pertinent." "I hardlyÑ" "Are you fluent in any languages other than runes?" "No, I can't say thatÑ" "Does anyone else have concerns?" Malfoy addressed the room in a deadly serious tone, looking around as everyone averted their eyes. Hermione leaned back in her seat, impressed, yet not at all surprised. "Very well." Malfoy straightened his spine. "At this time, I'm not entertaining any complaints about the speed at which I'm translating laws from a language no one in this room speaks." It took every shred of Hermione's composure to keep her face even. Several people gaped, Harry included. At least he managed to smother his amusement with a light cough as he nudged her foot under the table in a move Hermione ignored; her focus was on the man who wasn't finished speaking. "I will, however, provide updates on my process if any of you are actually interested." One quick look around the room was all he gave. "Percy, feel free to carry on if there are no other questions." "Actually I have a comment." Kent spoke before Percy could continue or possibly call the meeting to an end. "Your response to Miss Hopperton was rude and uncalled for." "I thought I was being nice." Malfoy leaned back in his chair. "Especially considering the audacity she managed to find to speak on a task I've devoted hours of each day to completing." Hermione crossed her legs, resting her elbow on the arm of her chair. "We all are well within our right to have questions about your task and about you," the Head of Magical Transportation stated plainly. Others began to pipe in with sounds of agreement. When she felt Harry shift to speak up in defence, she kicked him under the table and shook her head. Best if he didn't. Percy had even settled into the background, watching and waiting with a glint of humour. "Yes, you are just as I am within my right to question you or anyone else." Malfoy leaned forward in his seat, elbows on the table, emerald signet ring the only bit of colour on him. "What is it that you're doing again?" The blond wizard tilted his head slightly. "I don't believe your tasks require any skill beyond basic reading comprehension." That response didn't earn him any new allies, but Malfoy obviously didn't care. "How are we to know if what you're translating is accurate?" It was a fair point from the librarian, who was still red-faced from Malfoy's comment, but truth be told, it sounded nothing short of retaliatory. Percy stepped up. "I am part of a team that interprets his translations to determine if the laws are of use to our cause. If anything, the length of time it's taken to determine if we can use any law rests squarely on my shoulders." That should have been enough, and for some, it was, but the Head of the Department of Mysteries naturally had more to say. "No offence, but I don't understand how you trust this Ñ" "I asked if there are any others who speak the language of these texts," Malfoy said slowly. "I don't recall you raising your hand, therefore your comment is worthless to me." He stood up abruptly. "You might have Percy fooledÑ" "Must we go through this every meeting, Wingston?" Malfoy looked bored. "This conversation continues to be exceedingly dull." Hermione baulked at the thought of having to argue his integrity every single meeting in addition to the burden of his translation work and actual work. And even deal with her, she thought with a slight cringe. Argument after argument, fight after fight. Constantly pushing forward but never getting anywhere. It must be exhausting to live life like that. And yet, here he was, not backing down. "I just think that this is the reason for how slow things are going." "Draco's translation work is involved in one of the plans but it's not the only plan." Percy said. "If we all play our part and continue to work togetherÑ" "Or we could recruit someone else to translate. Someone more reputable." The murmurs of agreement soon escalated. It was the first time Hermione wondered if things would slip beyond Percy's control. Likely not. "Be my guest." Malfoy opened his hands casually. "I have much better ways to spend my time, but I highly doubt you'll find anyone in the country that speaks this language willing to help you for a fee you can afford. You're more than welcome to try, but I'll be finished translating these books before you find a volunteer." "There's no need to be condescending," the Head of Central Intelligence snipped. "And there's no need to be wilfully ignorant to your own bias." Hermione heard Harry's very low whistle at Malfoy's response. She would have kicked him again but he had a point. "I find it ironic that you, of all people, dare to call someoneÑ" "This is not only counterproductive but also a waste of my time." Malfoy's tone was professionally even, but she knew betterÑshe'd seen him angry before. Only once, but it was memorable. The signs were there: the change in the way he carried himself, the set of his jaw, and the rough edge in his voice. "If any of you wish to check my work, be my guest. I'm not wasting words on people who only deserve my silence. As far as I'm concerned, this conversation is over." The silence that fell was loud enough to momentarily crush the tension in the room. But not for long. "Percy you cannot be serious about allowing this-thisÑ" "I've heard enough." Unintended words escaped her mouth. Once they were out, Hermione realised that yes, she truly was finished. "I've also seen enough. If I wanted to listen to squabbling, I'd be with my chickens." "I fail to seeÑ" "We don't have to like each other in order to work together. We must have common goals. And we do." Hermione eyed the Head of the Department of Mysteries. Though she wasn't familiar with him, she knew enough to understand he had his own agenda. "Let's focus more on that goal and less on fighting an ally. That is not how you win a war." "This is your first meeting, Miss Granger. I don't think youÑ" "Understand?" Hermione gave the wizard a piercing look. "You and I aren't acquainted, sir, but I assure you I don't need an explanation. You have complaints, but there is no evidence of any wrongdoing on Mr Malfoy's part. Furthermore, I don't see anyone volunteering to help, I just hear criticism about a process no one understands. Not even a librarian." She cut her eyes to the witch on his left. "Since there are concerns, I will work on the interpretation with him directly in my spare time. If you don't trust him, you should trust me." Her words were met with that heavy silence again, but more importantly, no opposition. "Is there anything else?" Hermione looked down at her hands, then up across the table. Malfoy regarded her curiously, likely because, while Percy had asked her a week ago, she hadn't given an answer. In fact, the decision hadn't been made until the words slipped out of her mouth. But Hermione didn't take them back. The meeting ended on a quiet note, and after giving her thoughts on everyone to Percy, Hermione was ready to leave and have a quiet night at home. Instead, she found herself in the entryway, looking down the hall, where the library floor served as a visual temptation. "Would you like a tour?" "BlÑoh, it's you, Malfoy." Hermione jolted hard at the sound of his voice, pressing a hand to her chest as she spun around. "You startled me." A slow exhale later and she shut her eyes as a rush of settling nerves overwhelmed her. In his hand was her beaded bag that she accepted once her heart got back under control. "Thank you." She slipped the strap across her chest. "Now, what were you saying?" "A tour, Granger." His eyes slid towards the entrance then back. "I have access by birth right." "Yes!" Hermione cringed, flushing both from the opportunity to explore a new library and embarrassment for her involuntary reaction. "UmÉ That is, of course, if you don't mind. But it's fine if youÑ" "I don't mind." Malfoy stepped past her and continued towards the entrance. She tried to follow, but there was a crawling sensation that grew more uncomfortable by the second. It felt like a warning, a rejection, like she didn't belong and she needed to leave. Right now. A deterrent ward, Hermione quickly realised, but it was hard not to heed the warning. Malfoy looked to the spot where she should have been, then did a double take over his shoulder before he swore under his breath and extracted his wand from his jacket pocket. He approached the doorway and tapped his wand against the frame in a sequence that made the doorway glow with a warm light. All feelings of wrongness vanished into nothing. "You can approach now." But he didn't move. He waited until she was at his side before doing anything else. "The wards don't affect me so I often forget about them." "I can imagine how loud Pansy swore when she interacted withÑ" "Pansy's never been here." Malfoy's voice was low. "I've never brought anyone here." And with nothing more than those incomprehensible words, he walked on. Hermione blinked at his retreating form, questions tumbling over each other in a race to exit her mouth. But she stayed silent, and the beauty of the library won out, leaving her breathless as she looked around in awe at the stunning sight. It smelled like polished wood, purified air, and old books. It smelled like history, reminiscent of the library at Hogwarts. There was a sensation of home she hadn't felt since the last time Madam Pince had found her studying too late and nudged her off to bed. The library's walls were high, arched into a beautifully painted ceiling, and a grand staircase that led to the upper level called for her attention. But the sight of endless floor to ceiling bookshelves and tall ladders that would take her to the top stopped her in her tracks. Magic thrummed in the air as books floated from shelf to shelf until they found their way home from their journey. It was calming. Satisfying. "Where do you want to start?" Hermione lowered her gaze to Malfoy, who remained at her side. "I don't know." She ventured into the grand room, eyes drinking in the sight. "I think I could spend a month here and not see everything I want." "The wards will reactivate in an hour." Good to know. "Where do you go when you visit?" "I very rarely spend my time here unless I have a need." Malfoy seemed very composed in a way that felt both similar and different from earlier. It was forced under fire before, but now it felt authentic. "I have little time to indulge. I'm afraid I won't be of any help." An idea popped into her head. "We can start at the Restricted Section." "Figures." Hermione froze and swore she heard something that sounded like amusement, but when she whipped her head around, nothing about his expression suggested as much. She squinted but he only ignored her and walked on. His instruction to follow him was clear in each deliberate step. It became clear that Malfoy purposefully took the long way to their destination, leading her across the large open floor that just had tables and chairs capped with low, hovering lights. She followed him between bookcases as he gave a low command not to touch anything over his shoulder the moment she got the urge. Oh. Okay. Hermione ruthlessly suppressed a flutter of nerves in her stomach as she clasped her hands together awkwardly. The reader in her struggled to withstand the temptation; the only reason for her success was due to the more pressing question. "Why is the library empty?" "I made it so." He said it so flippantly, as if shutting down the library for a meeting was a simple task. "Percy wanted discretion and I have the means to make that happen." Hermione made a small noise. "You have that sort of power over a library?" Unimaginable, really. "Money is a universal language." Malfoy's hands joined together behind his back as he walked on with purpose. "This is but one in a group of wizarding libraries that my family has funded for generations. Their rare book acquisition efforts, restoration work, and translation undertakings have all been supported by the Malfoy vaultÑfor generations." "Respectable." Impressive was more accurate but she kept that to herself. "Is this how you found the books you're translating?" "Yes. I put inquiries out after learning of Percy Weasley's plans at the beginning of the year. It didn't take long to find what I was looking for." The Restricted Section was behind a glass wall similar to the room the meeting had been held in. The lights were dim until they entered the room, and only then did they brighten, but not by much. Still, the area was spacious, and more floor to ceiling bookcases lined the walls surrounding a table in the centre with four chairs. It was cosy. Clean. When she perused the first shelf by the door, Hermione found the books were old but well cared for. Respected. Malfoy remained by the door as she explored. A silent stillness fell between them, one that slowed time itself, even though it didn't last. "Why exactly did you volunteer to work with me?" Hermione halted while reaching for a book on ancient poisonings. "Percy asked last week. He said you agreed to work with me, but if you don't want my helpÑ" "It's fine." The tip of his wand glowed for a moment before the lanterns in the room brightened. It made seeing everything considerably easier. Including him. Hermione's eyes lingered, much like they had all week, but she looked away, patting down her hair. "I'll schedule time for us to work. What do you prefer?" "I have no set time planned as of yet. I got the impression that Percy and his team would continue working on what you'd already given them and I was to work on what you're translating now." "That would make the most sense." "I was thinking I could do this when I'm available. Perhaps some afternoons or evenings, but no weekends. I'm working on a couple of projects of my own, too." "Very well." Malfoy cleared his throat and looked to a book at his height. "You'reÉ welcome to use my office should you need the space. I'll adjust the wards for you." Hermione dropped the book and it moaned in painÑan old, hideous sound that jarred them both. She grabbed it off the floor and placed it back on the shelf, apologising to the book until it fell into blessed silence. That time she caught the hint of amusement in his eye before he turned his attention elsewhere. It was a reflex that made Hermione want to argue about continuing to use the space already given to her, but wisdom made her stop. The argument died as she began to understand the subtleties in his brevity. Malfoy was making an effort. And so could she. "Okay, thank you." No arguments. At least not from her. After giving Hermione a stiff nod, he studied a shelf at his eye level and shifted his weight in a way that seemed oddly deliberate. Maybe he wasÑ "How was Scorpius today?" The question wasn't a surprise, merely evidence of the shift between them. Not that it mattered. It still caught Hermione unaware. Their Scorpius-inspired silent treaty had been in place for a week now, and the proof of that resolution sat in The Malfoys' living room. Its new home. Narcissa had deemed the plant an eyesore unlike any she'd ever seen, and maybe it was, but the cactus was the first thing Scorpius had greeted each morning and his happiness brought life to the sterile room. In so many ways, the cactus was his. Truthfully, it always had been. Even before Hermione knew it herself. Probably since she'd found it struggling to survive. Malfoy had placed it on the ornate end table by the window, and Hermione had looked on, quietly vowing to help Scorpius care for it so that it would stand tall and thrive. They both would. "He had a good day. When I left during his afternoon break, he was listening to Albus' voice note outside. Catherine took over supervision while I attended a security protocol meeting at the hospital." "I've discussed adding sign language to his curriculum with my mother." Hermione tried not to look surprised but she couldn't help it. "What did she say?" Malfoy didn't answer and that spoke volumes. "Let me guess. She believes it'll give him an excuse not to speak?" A terse nod was all she received. She tried not to feel frustrated, but it built up anyway. "It's not an excuse for him but I'm not going to dredge up that argument again either, especially not when Narcissa knows her way of handling his silence isn't working. It's likely why she gives me so much leeway, why she looks on and says nothing, but he needs more help than I'm qualified to give." "I assure you it's an ongoing conversation." While ominous, it invited the idea and recurring understanding that there was more happening outside her purview. If there were discussions, there was clearly a difference in opinion regarding approach. She could accept that as long as a dialogue was taking place. It wasn't her place or her fight, but as someone who cared so much for Scorpius, it was a relief that such conversations were taking place at all. "My mother doesn't have any qualms with you teaching him sign language, but officially adding the subject to his lessons insinuates there's a problem." There was a problem, but it didn't feel right to vehemently point that outÑagain. Not when the wall Scorpius had constructed around himself after his mother's death was slowly crumbling. Not when there were so many signs of life returning and so much growth. He was being given choices and allowed to do things his own way. Yes, he would likely need a professional to help but maybe she shouldn't push the issue so hard so quickly. Nor should she push his father. Not when the peace between them was so delicate. "He's picking up sign language rapidly. He knows the alphabet, numbers, some general phrases, and his basic needs. We're working through emotions right now. Catherine says he's practicing during lessons and answering their questions using the signs that he does know. He told her that he was hungry just before lunch yesterday." "Catherine did mention in her report that he was engaging more." "I believe that has everything to do with their shifting dynamic since the inception of play time. He's incredibly observant. He knows what to expect from every person and acts accordingly. Your mother, for example. He used to be stony and hyper-obedient around her, but that's been changing I've noticed. He's been rebelling in very small ways." Famously about breakfast back at solstice. "He doesn't seek her approval anymore, but she's not around as often at breakfast either. Or lunch. When I'm not around that might be different, I don't know." But Hermione got the impression that Scorpius didn't need Narcissa's approval, and she couldn't help but wonder if her presence had a role to play in the growing divide between them. It seemed likely. After his mother's death and his father's distance, there had only been Narcissa as a stable presenceÉ but not anymore. She kept that to herself. "And Catherine?" Malfoy asked. Hermione sighed and kept exploring, now on the second wall of books, with her back to him. "Catherine, wellÑI still haven't figured that dynamic out. She seems to genuinely care about him, enough for her to learn sign language too. Scorpius reacts better when she isn't too excited and she's learning that if she speaks to him calmly and clearly, he won't just stare back. Other than that, he's obedient like he is with most adults." "And you?" Hermione turned to find Malfoy standing directly behind her, close enough for her instincts to disagree between the act of stepping back or standing firm. The latter won. Hermione was aware of him and his proximityÑoverwhelmingly soÑnot to mention the subtle scent: something warm and earthy. It was so much different than the fragrance of old books and parchment that permeated the air. "And you?" Malfoy's voice was even steadier than before. "What?" "What are your expectations of him?" "Oh." Hermione had forgotten his question. "None. But if I did have any, I would expect for Scorpius to be his true, authentic self. To smile without thinking, and laugh unrestrained." Her voice was soft with sincerity, but strengthening with conviction. "I want him to learn any and everything he wishes to. I want him to find his voice and use it as often as he likes. To openly express himself in whatever method he chooses. I want him to not worry. To not be afraid. Ultimately, I just want him to be happy." She looked down at her hands then back at him. "I want all of that and more for him, but I also understand that, while we've made progress, there's still a long way to go." Malfoy didn't move when Hermione unconsciously shifted forward. "You have your reservations, of course you do. You don't trust easily, but I think I have shown you that you can trust me with him." She caught the mysterious shift in his eyes and proceeded with caution. "IÑI want to help you reach himÉ if you'll let me." There was calculation in his grey eyes. "Do you think he'sÉ" Ready? The unspoken, unfinished question hung between them. Hermione exhaled, feeling uncertain. "I thinkÉ Well, I think we'll have to try in order to figure that out." She only had clues. Malfoy had been present for breakfast and Scorpius was back to watching him from around the corner, back to tracing the letters on the table because Malfoy had been writing the notes legibly. The signs of eagerness were there, but Scorpius' nerves kept him stagnant. Hermione wasn't opposed to tryingÑnot pushing, but providing a safe space to plant the first seed. The rest would be up to him. July 9, 2011 There was no sun when Hermione opened her eyes, only overcast skies and the grey light of dawn breaking through the clouds. By the time she made tea and breakfast and sat in the conservatory, rain began falling. First it coated everything like a fine mist and then it grew heavier, harder, the sound of it hitting the glass more akin to pebbles than water, but the visual was calming. Nice, even. The streams of dancing droplets distorted her view through the window. Inside and out. Nothing much to do in the greenhouse. Nothing to do outside. And when she approached her Magi-Scheduler, Hermione realised something else that was odd. Today wasÉ clear. No appointments. No meetings. No visits. No tasks she absolutely had to complete. She checked twice. Then once more for good measure. Nothing. That wasÉ odd. The entire concept was alien. Hermione often had to schedule her free time, which reminded her that she hadn't done so in a while. Since April, to be precise. Maybe she would today. With a pep in her step, Hermione showered and dressed then wandered into the brewing room with her damp curls pulled into a messy bun. She was refreshed and ready to take on the task of just brewing with Kingsley's words in the forefront of her mind. No plans. No books. Just ingredients, patience, and time. She didn't think, just did what was natural, what flowed, and worked from memory from a time when she'd learned both voraciously and fearlessly, unafraid of failure. She wanted to make something that wasn't needed for a task or job. Just for her. Draught of Peace. Hermione carefully added each ingredient from memoryÑshe'd read the recipe hundreds of timesÑtaking the time to focus on the repetition of the act, allowing it to steady her. And, for once, just seeing the silvery vapour that signified success brought her the peace she sought. It was just after noon when Hermione exited the room with fluffy hair and sweat on her brow, resolved to keep taking the time to find her love for a craft she'd dedicated an entire room to in her home. Determined to enjoy the rest of the day doing whatever she wanted, Hermione put on her Wellies, grabbed her umbrella and bag, and Apparated to London. Diagon Alley, to be specific, where the rain had settled and the vendors were returning to the pavement. Hermione indulged in a scoop of ice cream and lingered past the eyesore of the guarded Apothecary, nodding at the Aurors on duty on her way to pick up her parchment order. She thought about visiting her parents but decided against it. She left a note for her dad in the mailbox before going to see a film, indulging in curry for lunch, taking an impromptu walk around a very wet Hyde Park, and wandering around a bookstore. Though she found nothing for herself, she did eye a journal covered in leaves of different shapes and shades of greens and reds. While she was paying she saw a small bamboo plant and grabbed that, too. For good luck. She had already left when she realised just who might need it, but she didn't return it. Pansy was waiting for Hermione when she returned home, dressed for an evening out and not accepting excuses to stay in. "I don't want to be a third wheel." "I do exist outside of Percy Weasley." "I know you do." Hermione exhaled patiently. "It's just that I already spent the daÑ" "Put your new plant away and get dressed. We're going out." Hermione expected to be dragged someplace she didn't want to go, but it turned out to be quite the opposite. Pansy had been planning, judging from the tickets she readily provided. It was thoughtful in a way Pansy would hate to acknowledge so Hermione let it go and kept her appreciation to herself. They had dinner on an upscale riverboat and enjoyed wine while overlooking the Thames as the sunset bathed the sky in a crimson glow. They stayed out until darkness had settled over the sky and clouds rolled in. Still, it was breath-taking; the river was dark, save for the reflection of the city lights surrounding them. Live music played on the upper deck, melodious tunes that provided a certain ambiance that people milling around couldn't disrupt. Though they tried. The men especially wanted to engage them in conversation, but Pansy never showed interest and Hermione's face distinctly conveyed her own lack of it. A few attempts were made before they were left alone. The boat made its way down the Thames as they talked while splitting a bottle of wine. Work. Life. Little bits of group gossip either had missed during their busy lives. It wasn't until Hermione started feeling more and more relaxed from her indulgence that she understood the level at which she'd been set up. "I saw your sad cactus at Draco's house when I went to have tea with Narcissa. Care to explain?" Easy enough. "I gave it to Scorpius." "Really?" Pansy made a small hmph noise. "He's with Daphne this weekend." "Your point?" "I thought that you'd given the plant to Draco, to be honest." Hermione lifted an eyebrow, not offering words but allowing her to continue without much fuss. "He was shifting it on the table. I think he was trying to optimise sunlight without putting it directly in the sun." "Oh." Hermione snorted at the mental image and shook her head, allowing a small smile to spread. "I told him that it was fine where it was." Pansy recoiled. "Wait, you mean to tell me that you discussed a cactus but not that snog?" "Of course not. There was definitely a discussion." She took a deep breath and drank more wine, needing it to tackle a topic that still needled the corners of her thoughts at the most inopportune times. "It went poorly and dissolved into a fight about credentials, Narcissa, Scorpius, and yes, the cactus. It was by and large not my best moment, to say the least." "Why do you think it spiralled out of control?" Self-reflection was always a pain, and this was a thought that had been circling like a hungry shark for over a week now, more so given the tone of conversations with Malfoy as of late. Hermione focused on the music playing and the sound of the boat cutting through water. For one last time, she went back to the moment when everything went wrong. The words that were said and the precise moment Malfoy shut down. "I didn't give him a chance to speak." Pansy whistled low. "It's hard enough to get Draco to talk, so when he tries to and isn't allowedÉ" "What do you think he would have said?" Another question that skimmed the surface. "In hindsight, from the way it escalated, I can tell he wanted to say something, though I can't imagine what." "I don't know. Draco isÉ" Pansy shrugged. "I have no idea what he's doing, but if he tries to talk, let him. You have a habit of speaking over people when they try to talk to you. And you're so in your own head that you believe you're three steps ahead of everyone when sometimes you aren't even in the race." She caught the affronted look on Hermione's face and patted her shoulder twice. "Truth hurts." Hermione considered kicking off her heels but decided against it. "The wine softened the blow to my pride. Thanks for considering that while planning to manipulate me into this conversation." "I do my best." Pansy clinked their glasses together. There was a flush in her cheeks that Hermione knew matched her own. She could feel the heat rising, despite the cool breeze, and allowed herself to relax further. Her walls lowered for honesty with a friend. "You're right, though. I was blindsided by what happened at your party, then the conversation I wasn't ready for. I didn't handle things as well as I should have. Or I believed I did in that moment. IÑ" Hermione pressed her hand against her forehead. "A lot of reflection has gotten me to the point of admitting I was wrong. However, I'm not interested in rehashing the argument. I just want to move forward. We're working together on a few things and I'd rather build on that foundation than dig another hole to ultimately fall into." "That's reasonable." Pansy picked up the bottle that sat between them, refilling both of their glasses. "Working together? Are you friends now?" "Right now we're more like allies with mutual interests." Hermione threw her a look. "What about you and Percy?" Pansy smirked. "We're enjoying each other's company." "Fancy speak forÑ" "Didn't you get your fill Friday before at Girls' Night?" "Not at all." Hermione nudged her in the shoulder. Despite their silent threats to get the details of her new relationship, the night had been tame. Padma was stressed about wedding planning so calming her down was the primary focus with only a few jokes thrown at Pansy. Ginny had made their drinks so strong that Hermione had woken up the next morning on the sofa with Parvati's elbow in her face; everyone else was in a similar state. Except Cho, who had covered them all with blankets and left enough hangover potions for everyone laying out before spending the night in the guest room. She had been far too chipper at breakfast, which had made Pansy positively murderous. "But seriously." Hermione scooted closer to her friend. "You seem more relaxed. It's a good look." Pansy took a deep breath; perhaps the atmosphere had helped calm them both. "I've broken several of my rules for a damn Weasley and I don't like it." She took several swallows of wine before allowing herself a moment to smile softly. "But it's niceÉ the freedom. I've not had that before. No expectations. Just spending time together." Hermione knew her well enough to translate her subtext. "I know you don't talk about it butÑ" "No, and three years of therapy has allowed me to say that no, my marriage wasn't anything like this. I was very much a body before, not a person with a brain, wants, or needs. I wasn't allowed to be anything else. Sometimes I have to remind myself that I am allowed to haveÉ" Pansy chugged her wine and looked off moodily. " Never mind." "Can I be honest with you?" Hermione asked quietly. "You're going to anyway." "True." Hermione grinned when Pansy eyed her with feigned annoyance. "I just think there's a chance that it's more serious with Percy than you think." Pansy gave her an incredulous look and stood up in a move that jarred them both. Hermione thought they were having a heart-to-heart, but Pansy looked more irritated with each passing second. "Um?" "I'm going to fetch us another bottle, but hear me out, Hermione. My denial is designed for my own peace of mind and to allow myself a much needed reprieve from the weight I carry." She ran a hand through her dark hair. "Destructive? Yes. Is it going to bite me in the arse? Probably. Am I ready for it to? Absolutely not. But I don't want advice or opinions from someone who is just as wilfully oblivious to their own denial." She picked up the empty bottle. "Another red?" Pansy left before Hermione could agree. July 11, 2011 The rest of the weekend was a blur of activity that ultimately prepared Hermione for Monday. She greeted the day much earlier than usual, the sequence of events leading her to step out of the Floo at the Malfoys' home and wander intoÑwell. Well. The sight of a wet Draco Malfoy in tight black swim shorts made Hermione stumble mid-step; the rubber sole of her shoe caught and squeaked oddly against the wood floor. If the noise hadn't alerted him to her presence, the muttered curses as she tried not to drop the bamboo plant definitely did. Her traitorous eyes wandered down his back. The kitchen island served as a visual barrier betweenÑ "You're early." "You'reÉ wet." Malfoy stood to his full height and all Hermione could do was watch as every muscle in his back moved with the gesture. He turned to face her, giving her a full view ofÑwell, him. Bold and unapologetic, old scars on his chest and all. This was his home and he was well within his rights to walk around in any state he chose. "I just finished my morning laps in the pool. You're an hour early." "IÉ brought a plant?" Hermione nearly throttled herself for her own silly reaction to a body. Okay. Fine. She wasn't blind. It was a rather attractive body. However, unlike Parvati and every other witch, she tried not to dwell on thoughts about hisÉ qualities. His quick, intelligent mind. The unwavering dedication to his family she was still attempting to understand. The enigmatic aura around him. And the fact that he was a very, very attractive man. It was distracting enough for her to have to stomp out her own attraction to him a time or two. Or, if she was honest, at least a dozen. She was still looking for that damn seed. But her saving grace had always been Malfoy's infuriating nature, which made it easy to ignore his height and broad shoulders. Even now, she could look past the alluring way his blond hair was currently slicked back. She would not allow her mind to succumb to memories of his touch. How she felt when she was pressed againstÑ Hermione startled from her thought, looking away to reorient herself before she caught sight of his tattoo. Though too far away to see the nuances clearly in the dim light, she did manage to catch the vivid colours of the dragon with its tucked wings. From the intense fire it was breathing that covered his shoulder, the body stretched the length of his upper arm and tapered down to coil around his wrist. She also now knew that it consisted of far more than just a dragon. But then it began to fade before her eyes, dissipating behind the glamour he wordlessly cast. "Are you just going to stand there?" Malfoy folded his arms across his bare chest and Hermione did everything possible to keep her eyes trained to his face. "No." Hermione cleared her throat. "Sorry for the intrusion. I was already awake and thought I would come early." "Do you sleep?" The question could have been perceived as a joke, except he looked completely serious as he waited for a response. "You've clearly been awake for quite some time. Long enough for a swim, at least." Malfoy didn't deny the accusation. "Yes." He stepped to the right and that was when she noticed something else. A different curious sight. He was steeping tea. For her, her internal voiceÑwhich sounded like a mix of Pansy and DaphneÑreminded her. Malfoy followed her line of sight then back. But Hermione was incapable of acting like it wasn't happening, like none of this was happening. She placed her beaded bag on the island, sat the bamboo plant on the counter, and hoisted herself onto the stool. "What tea are you making today?" "It's for my mother," Malfoy deadpanned. "Silver Needle, if you must know." Definitely not one she'd brought. It was an expensive, delicate white tea rife with health benefits. "How should I make hers?" "Steep it for three minutes. One teaspoon of sugar to sweeten." His directions, like him, left no room for any sort of give. "My mother enjoys teas that are sweet, delicate, and not at all bitter." Malfoy glanced at her. "You, on the other hand, don't mind a little bitterness." He wasn't wrong, but his statement made her curious. "If I did want to try her tea, how would I take it?" "You wouldn't." Heavy grey eyes were still on her after that statement had been released into the space that separated them. Hermione geared up to argue a litany of points when Malfoy inclined his head. "Excuse me." Then he turned to leave. "If you would finish makingÑ" "Of course." "Zippy will be here to deliver it to her?" "Why didn't heÑ" "She didn't sleep well last night nor did she like the tea he made this morning. I stepped in." Malfoy left without another word. And if Hermione appreciatively watched him walk away, noting his arse and strong thighs in his tight swimming bottomsÉ Well, there was no one there to judge her for it. Hermione prepared the tea as instructed and Zippy came to deliver it to Narcissa. She ended up with leftover tea and that combined with her stubborn streak made Hermione eager to prove Malfoy wrong. After dressing the tea exactly as Narcissa's, she raised it to her lips in defiance and took a healthy sipÉ And then spat the tea out in the sink. It was terrible. As if it had personally offended her, Hermione dumped the rest and scowled until it was completely gone, washed away by running water. Then she got to work. Hermione used the silence to accomplish several agenda items. She made Narcissa a simple breakfast of eggs and toast with a smoothie, as per her request via Zippy, and sent it to her room under a stasis charm for when she was ready. Hermione then blended Scorpius a smoothie to go along with the portion of eggs and toast she'd made himÑalso under a charm for preservation. She pulled out the spare constellation journal, the one she'd bought on a whim a few weeks before, and the plant themed one she'd just picked up before placing both beneath the bamboo plant. Malfoy returned looking more like himself: black shirt buttoned to the throat and black trousers with a belt. No jacket. But it wasn't his appearance that made Hermione do a double take, it was what he had brought with him: five folders bulging with a mixture of paper and parchment, thick enough for him to carry them with both hands. He laid the folders in front of her in a row before standing on the opposite side of the island from where she sat. "That's all of my research on my mother's condition." "I've done my own research. I could probably write a book on it." "No offence, but I meant what I said about you not being qualified." Malfoy folded his arms. When Hermione mimicked his stance, the corners of his mouth turned downward as if readying for an argument she wasn't going to start. No, she wanted to listen to his point, so she made a go on gesture to that effect. "I suppose I should alter my response and say that she needs a teamÑmore than just you. All research supports that the most effective way to care for her isn't just through potions, but also through Muggle medicines and therapies." "I know this." He recoiled. "Then why haven't youÑ" "Your mother asked me for time. The only way I can do that is if she follows a treatment plan that research is beginning to show is more effective. However, she refuses to let any sort of Muggle take care of her in any capacity. It's a source of contention and an ongoing argument I previously put on the backburner while we dealt with growing pains. I'm ready to resume it now that your mother and I have sorted through our issuesÉ mostly." "Oh?" "I've been doing what I can to circumvent this. I've been speaking with an American Healer and his Specialist, and have tailored my care to incorporate some of their practices and teachings. This isn't my specialty and I'm not a Palliative Care Healer, but I believe I've done the best I can with my circumstances. I've tried to convince her, but she won't listen to me. Perhaps she would listen to you." "That might be a problem, given her beliefs in the superiority of wizarding medicine and potions." Malfoy's frown deepened. "She doesn't believe that any Muggle instrument could be more effective than magic, and she has a deep, lifelong distrust in Muggles that can't be helped." There was a pause. "Not for the reasons you're probably thinking." "I'm not thinking about anything," Hermione confessed. "In fact, I'm genuinely interested in learning more." At that, he seemed surprised. "My mother believes that Muggles have a very 'medieval' way of thinking when it comes to anything they don't understandÑespecially magic." "Medieval? In the sense of witch burning?" Malfoy just blinked like his statement had been too obvious for confirmation. "Okay, that's entirely fair. I'm certain there were people in her family who burned." A quick nod from him confirmed this. "History hasn't been kind to us, that much is true, but times are different now. With the Statute of Secrecy in place, the only Muggles who know about us are either related or married to those with magic or Squibs, of course. It's safer than it's ever been." "Is it?" he asked slowly. "I don't share my mother's views, but for the interest of understanding her thought process, I'll play devil's advocate, if you don't mind." "Go on." "We might have magic that can protect us, but we're outnumbered. Muggle weapons can cause more widespread devastation than anything magic is capable of." Malfoy rested his hands on the island. The act brought him closer and drew her attention to his face. "Nuclear bombs. Chemical explosives. We have nothing to protect ourselves from this sort of attack. Magic dissipates, but nuclear waste doesn't. We'll always be caught in the crossfire." Hermione's desire to interject made her sit up straighter under the weight of his gaze, but she remained quiet. Listening. Waiting for him to finish. "Muggles have an entire history of killing anything they perceive as a danger, exterminating anyone different, whether it be out of fear of the unknown or in the name of religion. An idea. A belief. A thought." "Two wars show that wizards are just as guilty of being destructive." Hermione rolled up the sleeve of her cardigan. "Our community is small, yes, so every death is more impactful. But wizards have the same lack of regard for human life as any Muggle I've seen." "Go on." "Your argument draws the line between wizards and Muggles as if we aren't all human when that's exactly what we are. Every person is subject to that same fear of the unknown and animosity towards anything different. We are all capable of great cruelty, but also kindness and empathy. The goal of society and those who run it isn't to prey on fear, but rather mitigate the negative aspects of human nature by promoting the positive. When that happens, the divide between wizards and Muggles isn't as large as you think." "You sound like you're running for Minister." He cocked a brow. "Future plans?" "No, I'm merely stating what I believe." Hermione opened the first folder, noting the mix of printer paper and parchment that was indicative of the depth and breadth of his own research. Their efforts hadn't been as different as she would have expected. "I don't have any hope of convincing Narcissa, but your help would be appreciated." Her eyes flicked from words on a page to grey eyes that held an expression of someone who was fighting an internal battle. The look vanished so quickly, however, that she doubted she'd seen anything at all. Malfoy was now steadier, albeit stiff, as he turned away from her and moved to boil water for his own tea. "Your parentsÉdo they look at you strangely when you do magic?" What anÉ oddly personal question. But also not. It was perplexing, to say the least. The mixed feelings made Hermione wish she had the distraction of tea. "NotÑ" Well, the answer had changed as a result of her memory charm. "They didn't used to," she confessed, returning to the folder, flipping between pages and parchment. They used to be proud of her magic, interested in what she'd learned after being away all year at school, fascinated about her experiencesÑwell, the parts that hadn't involved her nearly dying. Those bits she left out. "Oh?" After a deep breath, Hermione closed the first folder and slid it to the side, waiting until he filled the glass kettle with water before she spoke again. "I modified their memories the summer before we went on the run. Made them forget they ever had a daughter, and when everything was over, I went to find them. It took time, but I-I successfully reversed the charm. I did it to save their lives butÑ" "They don't trust you anymore. Not really." She watched his back as he stared at the kettle, waiting for it to reach a boiling point. "Muggles fear everything they don't know, magic being one of them. My mother's cynicism of them is remnant of their distrust in her." "But she should trust me, trust that I know what I'm doing when I make these suggestions, and that I won't put her in a situation that will endanger her. I'm her Healer. My decisions are made to benefit her, not harm her." "There are few people that my mother truly trusts, and most of them are dead." "She trusts you." Malfoy paused as he pulled a fresh cup out of the cabinet, but smoothly recovered, placing it on the counter before retrieving the glass jar containing loose black tea from an adjacent cabinet. "She doesn't have many options in that respect. I'm the closest living relative of hers that she speaks to." When they weren't arguing, the silence implied. Which reminded Hermione of a topic she needed to approach, but she found herself waiting for the right moment. She took to watching his meticulous act of scooping the right amount of tea leaves into the teapot, pouring the water on top, checking the clock, then waiting after he summoned the sugar bowl. "Perhaps" she started, which made him pause a second time. "If you can't, maybe I can find someone who can." Malfoy slowly turned to face her. "My aunt." Astute as always, he gave her a bored look. Then he went back to what he was doing: waiting, eyes on the clock. And Hermione went back to what she was doing: watching him. Seconds passed like that, each moment more tense than the last. "I doubt you'll have much success there. My mother already tried." "I heard, but your aunt doesn't know about the situation. Only that I'm her Healer." "My mother doesn't want her pity. It shouldn't matter that she's dying. If my aunt wanted to reconnect, she would have done so already." "That's true, but every family is complicated and imperfect. Ironically, the ones closest to us can be the hardest to connect with." "That sounds like personal experience speaking." "Perhaps it is for me, and also for you." His eyes cut from hers to the teapot, but Hermione wasn't done. She got off the stool and walked around the island, noting each measured breath he took. He seemed aggravated by her mere presence. Or their conversation. Or both. "We're not so different in that respect. None of us are. We're all seeking familial connection, but it's not easy to connect after years of distance. It's not always about want, it's about courage. Will. Strength. Swallowing your pride and checking your ego at the door. Your mother has expectations when she should have none. And so do you. But I do, too." "My mother's reconnection with her sister doesn't concern me." "But it does and it should. You speak of nothing occurring around you without your knowledge. That logic, when applied fully, should extend to your family beyond your mother and son." "I've never met her." "Perhaps you should before you judge her for not attending tea with your mother. There's a lot of hurt there that you don't understand." Malfoy said nothing. "I'm going to talk to her at some point this week. You should join me. Meet her." His eyes narrowed. "I'll ask first, of course. And if she agrees, I'll add it to your Magi-Scheduler and it'll be up to you if you choose to attend." Malfoy thought on it for only a moment. "Why are you so invested?" Hermione shrugged. "I'm no bleeding heart, but your mother asked for my help and I agreed. Besides, I understand where she is. I've been there myself." She lifted her eyes to his. "I understand where you are, too." He returned to his task. Still locked in, Hermione found herself incapable of doing much else except studying him like she should have been studying the research on the island. His side profile, much like him, gave little away. Still, she paid attention to everything from his eyes to his straight nose, the sharp edge of his jaw, and the downward curl at the corner of his lips. Malfoy was clean-shaven todayÑanother preference of which she hadn't been able to pin down, having seen him in various phases for the last few months now. Quietly, Hermione thought that, while the stubble suited him, he looked better like this. Younger. Smoother. Softer to the touch, but still dangerousÑlike a knife sheathed in velvet. "Do you need something?" Malfoy asked tightly, eyes on the steeping tea. "No, just watching. What are you making?" "Jasmine with a green tea base. It's yours." "Never had it. How are you going to make it?" "Honey first, then a splash of milk." She dropped her eyes to where his hands were splayed on the countertop, his signet ring glinting in the soft light. "You know how everyone takes their tea and I barely know how you take yours. You drank the tea I made you and not once told me that you didn't prefer it." "Does it matter?" He tapped one finger several times, watching the teapot as if the act of steeping tea wasn't beyond his control. "Should I ever make you tea, it would." That earned her a sidelong glance over the rim of his glasses, a move that made his hair tousle a little, no longer perfect or severe. "Now why would you do that?" His question was low, wary and challenging, if nothing else. His hands returned to his side as he assessed her further. "Perhaps for the same reason you make me tea." "I sincerely doubt that." Conversation concluded when he handed Hermione her cup of tea, then ignored her in favour of starting his own. The silence continued to stretch throughout the entire steeping process. Black tea. Two teaspoons of sugar. No milk. He picked up his teacup and walked away without saying another word. Rounding the island, he took the seat next to her abandoned one and eyed the bamboo and the journals. He seemed to notice the plant for the first time and did a double take. "The bamboo plant?" "It's for you. For luck. You can put it where you like or not. I canÑ" "I'll find a place for it." Malfoy brought the teacup to his lips. "Are you going to look at the research?" "There's a possibility it might overlap mine." She stacked the five folders. "But I will take a look for any gaps." "Okay." He eyed the pile of folders. "While we sort through my mother's refusal to use Muggle methods, we should discuss the matter of her potions." "It's what Healer Smith gives his patients." "Ever thought to look outside the box?" "Well, no. This worksÉ when she takes them correctly." "That may be true, but realistically, a nine-potion blend doesn't work." "They have to be taken at the right window of time every day or they're ineffective, yes, which is why I monitor her. But even you can't deny she's been doing better." "The potential for something more effective is out there if you look hard enoughÑor experiment." He sipped his tea. "But that's not something you do. Not an insult, simply a fact." "I'm a Healer, not a Potions Master. I'm not qualified to do any of that. I consulted with one regarding the potions I do make for her now. Her blend is tailored to her metabolically. What could be better than that?" Malfoy placed his cup on the granite, opened the folder on the top of the stack, and tapped it for her to review. "An entirely new potion. Somewhat." Hermione studied the hand-written parchment, turning her head to the side slightly as if it would help her read the bits that were indistinguishable. It didn't, but she quickly got the gist. "It's a combination of all three potions." "Precisely. Everything combined into one." "They could interact with each other andÑ" "Astute, Granger, which is why I'm trying to find the right binding agent." The questions on her face must have been apparent because he grimaced. "Before you ask, I've had it reviewed by several Potions Masters and it's not impossible when done correctly." "That wasn't what I was going to ask." "What then?" She continued flipping through each dated parchment. The notes were more and more extensive as they went back in time. As were the edits. "How long have you been working on this?" She looked at him directly. "Quite some time for the look of it." "Since she was diagnosed officially in October." The expression on his face spoke of apathy, but his words were another example of the dichotomy of his character. In October he'd had a dying wife, a son, and a job that wasn't so much a career choice as it had been a necessity. Hermione was tired just thinking about all the battles he must have been facing. "All this time you'veÑ" "Yes." He placed his cup on the granite. "We might not agree on much of anything right now, but she's still my mother. Scorpius isn't ready to lose another relative so soon." "And neither are you." Malfoy didn't confirm nor deny her statement. He returned to his fortress with the cracked walls he hadn't bothered to patch up. "Why are you like this with her? I'm not asking to be intrusive, you don't even have to tell me, but I genuinely am curious. It's obvious you care. The level of detail you've put into your research and this potion isÉ" Hermione shook her head. "Your mother is convinced of your indifference. Why not just bury it, forgive her, and value the time you have with her? It won't last forever. You'll regret leaving anything unsaid." He looked over his shoulder at the cactus across the room. "I have enough regrets, what's one more?" "Another thing that stops forward progress. Your other regrets, I can't speak on, but this oneÉ" She caught him looking at her, jaw taught. "You'll never become who you're meant to be with all those things holding you back." Malfoy turned to her, leaning in ever so slightly. "And who am I meant to be?" "Whoever you choose to be." A beat passed. Hermione returned to reading the document, now with a different type of focus. A renewed one. Time passed like that, with Hermione reading through everything he had presented about the potion and Malfoy doingÉ whatever it was he was doing. Finishing his tea. The few times she had glanced at him, he seemed contemplative. She left him to his thoughts until she absolutely needed to ask a question. "Have you tried?" "I don't have the set up in this house to brew." "We could use my brewing room, but some of these binding agent options I've never heard of. Silphium, while medicinal, is extinct as far as I know. It'll be impossibleÑ" "It's not. Impossible, that is," Malfoy interjected. "If there's a way, and if I guarantee it will work just as effectivelyÑif not betterÑthan her current potions, will you consider it?" Hermione contemplated his proposal. "It would take an entire brewing cycle to determine if it does work. And if it doesn't, we will have lost a month." "It'll be a risk." "You don't strike me as the sort that takes them." Malfoy cut her a look. "TouchŽ." "We can continue on with the care plan I've developed inspired by those who know what they're doing." "Or we can create a new one." "We?" Hermione blinked. "I thought you didn't want to be involved in her care." "I thought handing over my research showed my change in position and opinion." "Perhaps, but I don't understand your actions as they pertain to your character." "It's not your job to understand me. I'm not a puzzle for you to piece together because you're bored." "I'm far from bored, Malfoy. I just don't like it when things don't make sense." "There's nothing to make sense of. I feel as though I've explained myself clearly, but for the sake of argument, why is it important that I make sense? What are you looking for?" "I think we should get to know each other better because we'll be working together now on multiple levels, and in order to do that, we have to overcome our own defensiveness and egos. There must be a level of trust that I know you're not willing to give, but I'll ask for it anyway because I'm going to put some trust in you against my better judgment. Try to do something against yours." Malfoy reached for the paper but stopped himself. "Would you like a summary?" "Yes." After a sigh, he did just that for several minutes. It was obvious Malfoy really had done his researchÑif the folders alone hadn't already convinced her. He spoke much like he had in her conservatory, with confidence and stern ease, which made little sense together, but perfectly captured his inconsistencies. Hermione interrupted him once and apologised before doing so. "How can you be so sure about your ability to bind the three potions together when each of your options are either incredibly unstable, unavailable, or extinct." "The first two would involve testing. As for the lastÉ not everything you read is accurate. It may be extinct to Muggles, but it exists somewhere I can access." It was a risk she would be taking, one that hadn't been tested, but perhaps one that needed to be taken so that another risk could be taken with it. "I'm listening." "The Manor has a greenhouse stocked with rare, extinct plants my family has hidden away for generations, protected by charms and blood magic, of course. At least two options for binding ingredients are in there, along with other potentials." "We would not only need to test each option, but also determine how to best prepare it. That's a massive experiment, Malfoy." "I'm aware butÉ" It would be worth it. And, honestly, that was enough for Hermione. The details they could work through, and she was willing to dedicate all the time needed to the experiments and tests. This was her job. Her focus. Her purpose. "Commit to talking to your mother about optimising her care and I'll commit to this ideaÉ after I do more research." Malfoy frowned. "I'm willing to take the risk, but you need to take one as well. Talk to her. Fix whatever it is that's wrong between you two. The success of this potion won't change the fact that this isn't a cure, it's just something to help optimise her care. I'm doing everything I can to give you both time. JustÉ use it wisely." Malfoy looked off towards the far wall. "It's more complicated than that." "Of that much I'm positive, but you've created an entire potion for her. Actions speak louder than words, sure, but words can't hurt." "I'll consider it." That would have to do. The aura around him was thick with finality and silence fell between them. Hermione continued poring over his notes and directions about making the combination potion. It would be a two person job, certainly, and a complicated one that would span over hours, but one that would produce enough vials to only have to brew it once a month. If it worked. If they could brew it successfully. It wasÑ Malfoy cleared his throat, looking at his watch before tapping his hand on the granite again. "What time does he generally come down?" Hermione, who had been doing all sorts of mental calculations, stopped from sheer shock. Her mind scrambled in all directions before she grasped for an answer in the form of the clock on the wall behind her. "IÑsoon? Roughly five minutes, if they're on schedule." At his look of bewilderment, Hermione shrugged. "His schedule doesn't allow for much give. It's better as of late, but still strict." "Okay." There was an expression she hadn't seen from him outside of accidental observation. Uncertainty. The instant it dawned on her that Malfoy was nervous, her hand covered his. Startled, Malfoy's eyes cut to her, but he said nothing, only curling his hand into a fist beneath hers. He could've been nervous all morningÑthe conversation, the early morning swim, his weekend interaction with the cactus. He could have pulled his hand away, too, but he only looked down and used his free hand to pick up his pen and start on his crossword. "Your hand is cold." "Sorry." Hermione took her hand back and awkwardly looked over her shoulder at the cactus now bathing in the morning light. "I think Scorpius mostly knows your schedule. He'll come down just before seven. That's when you leave." "I have time." Malfoy tapped the granite before rubbing his newly free hand, where she had touched, as if it were sore. "Perhaps you weren't entirely wrong aboutÑ" They both heard a noise coming from the wrong direction. At the wrong time. Malfoy turned towards the sound just in time for Scorpius to walk in. He noticed Hermione first and a small smile began to growÉ until he saw his father and stuttered to a halt. She could almost feel Malfoy's tension as it grew, but she was hyper-focused on Scorpius. In truth, Hermione was surprised he didn't jolt, though it was a close call. His eyes went back and forth between her and Malfoy, confusion and nerves written plainly on his face. Then he took a cautious step back. Then another, and another until he clipped the wall. Hermione winced. It looked painful. A quiet inhale that only she could hear gave Malfoy away, his reaction resonated loudly in her ears. It made her throat tighten until she had no choice but to clear it. Scorpius just blushed and signed sorry twice before he fled the room on wobbly legs. "Don't leave," she told Malfoy without a backwards glance as she left the room. Hermione followed him down the hall then up the stairs, down a different hall she hadn't seen before that led to the second set of stairs. The one that led back to the living room. Ah. His morning routine he'd strayed from, probably by accident. Hermione called his name softly, just enough to get his attention. He looked right at her and she barely had the time to take a knee before he walked into her embrace. She kept her words of comfort soft, slowly patting down his hair. His breathing was ragged at first but it soon calmed. Steadied. And then he relaxed. Hermione held on until he was ready to let go. With much difficulty, he signed one word. Father. "He surprised you?" Scorpius nodded. "I'm so sorry about that." Hermione held both of his hands. "He doesn't want to scare you. He just wants to have breakfast with you, but only if it's okay with you." Blue eyes went wide. He pointed at himself. Me? "Yes you." She tapped his nose which made him smile just a little. "But if you're not ready, he can goÑ" The vehemence with which he shook his head made his point loud and clear. Despite his nerves, he was choosing bravery. It quietly elated Hermione. There was still so much worry swirling around him, but she caught his eyes every time they strayed and gently squeezed his hands when she felt like he was drifting into his own thoughts. Scorpius took several minutes to compose himself, which reminded her of the day at the window. But he was a different child now. Today, unlike then, he looked her in the eyes. He pulled up his sock while Hermione fixed his blazer and tousled hair. "You bumped into the wall back there, are you okay?" He blushed and cringed. Mistake, he signed. She understood why he'd fled. "Oh no, that was an accident. And that's okay. They happen sometimes. Your dad was concerned that you hurt yourself. He'll be glad to know you're okay." Scorpius looked down at his feet. "Are you nervous?" Yes. "Can I tell you a secret?" Scorpius agreed, his cheeks still flushed. "Your dad's just as nervous as you." Hermione almost laughed at his expression; it was so eerily like Malfoy that it almost made her laugh through the tension. "Doesn't look like it, I know, but he is. If you want to eat breakfast with him, take your time. I'll be there. Remember, you can hold my hand if you need to. That won't change." Hermione opened her hand and smiled when he took it. Once he was ready, they came down the stairs. Determined to keep things as normal as possible, Scorpius greeted the cactus while she glanced in the direction of the kitchen for the first time. Malfoy was still there. Waiting. The knot in her stomach loosened when they locked eyes and she gave him a tiny nod. Hermione glanced down at Scorpius only to find him leaning a little to his left around her to peek at his father. Then a little more. And just when Hermione thought he was going to tip over, he straightened. She led the way, but when they got close to the table, Scorpius surprised her by letting go of her hand and walking on his own. He approached his seat where his food waited for him like always, but he didn't sit. His squinty blue eyes scanning for something, and a small frown tugged on his lips. Scorpius dipped beneath the table. She and Malfoy exchanged glances, but she shrugged in response to his silent question: what was he looking for? Persistent as always, Scorpius walked the length of the table, then back, face scrunching more and more in adorable confusion. And it wasn't until Malfoy got up and approached him that she realised what he was missing. Scorpius blinked up at his father, who barely hid his nerves under a mask. Nerves she saw clearly because she'd seen them before. Malfoy offered his son what he had been looking for. His letter. DHR Hand hold Source: Jaxxinthebox Breakfast for Scorpius consisted of ninety-percent staring at Malfoy and roughly ten percent eating. All in all, he was doing well. Better than expected, honestly. But Hermione found herself wincing at how intensely Scorpius watched his father, almost as if he were afraid he would vanish if he so much as blinked. He hadn't done too much of that. Nor had he touched the one thing he always ate first: his toast. Not even when she smeared the jam he liked on it. His mouth frequently missed the metal straw of his smoothie just like the bits of eggs didn't make the connection between his fork and mouth, ending up somewhere on his napkin tucked into his shirt or his plate while he bit down on the fork instead. The third time it happened, Hermione's wince became external, the sound akin to a baby Mandrake's shriek. Malfoy wasn't much better. He observed Scorpius like he didn't know what to say to kill the silence. Once he looked at her for help, which reminded her of the first time Harry had held James. He had been every bit a man woefully out of his depth. And now it was Malfoy's turn. Hermione didn't attempt to start a conversation but she took pity on them both and made Malfoy a matching breakfast plateÉ Only because Scorpius tensed whenever he so much as moved. It was hard to tell if he was excited, confused, or anxious about Malfoy's presence. After all, Scorpius kept blinking like a baby animal trying to focus on some big, new world. It looked like it took real effort. Hermione did intervene before he poked himself in the eye or nose with the straw of his smoothie, though, redirecting it to his mouth. Malfoy's eyes fell on her briefly before returning to his son. Had Narcissa been there, she would have told Scorpius not to stare, but Hermione wouldn't speak a word of discouragement. Obviously, they both needed it. A quick glance at the clock told her that Catherine would be there to collect him soon, but he hadn't really eaten enough. Or much of anything. Which meant he would be grouchy in an hour and sour by lunch. Hermione eyed his father for help, but it took him a full minute to feel her staring. Dramatically, so he would clearly understand her statement, she cut her eyes from the plate to his son before he nodded, seeming to understand her. "Why isn't there any meat on his plate?" Or not. Scorpius just blinked. Again. Pinching the bridge of her nose, Hermione took a patient breath. "He doesn't eat it. It's a theory I've tested over the last month or so. Maybe he'll grow out of it, but right now, if it's on his plate, he's going to eat around it. I just gave him a choice." "And my mother has nothing to say about this?" Hermione chuckled to herself. "I think she rather likes the fact that she is no longer losing staring contests to someone who can't even see over the counter." Malfoy had no response other than a look of bemusement, but Scorpius shifted in his seat and Hermione blinked at the older Malfoy. He had clearly missed the point. "His lessons start soon and he should eat, isn't that right?" "Uh, yes." The statement sounded more like a question. Hermione took the matter into her own hands, sliding her seat closer in a move that made Scorpius glance at her for the very first time. "He's not going anywhere," she told him in a private tone. "Eat." Scorpius looked to Malfoy for confirmation, and he finally got on the same page. "I'll be here." And only then did he start eating in earnest, looking down to fork his eggs and only staring at his father while chewing. It took a few more pointed looks for Malfoy to begin eating as well. Things settled in a strange place between normal and bizarre. Scorpius began his typical breakfast routine of staring at his note between bites, only now he kept glancing from the letter to his father, squinting. Catherine appeared to retrieve Scorpius, but when she found him still eating with his father present, she sat down next to Malfoy instead. "He'll need a few minutes," Hermione said in lieu of a greeting. "That's fine." Catherine looked at the obvious elephant in the room, a slight blush staining her cheeks. "Morning Mr Malfoy." He inclined his head politely. "Morning Catherine." Then he went back to watching Scorpius finish his eggs. "What's on his lesson plan for the day?" "Maths and writing before his break and lunch. Then etiquette and history before his afternoon break. We're ending the day with art." Hermione would have frowned at the subjects being taught to a child who was just learning how to read, but honestly, it was a vast improvement. Scorpius' eyes travelled between three separate pointsÑhis plate, his note, and his fatherÑin a complex routine that didn't have a set order. Catherine's eyes were also on the move between Malfoy and her own hands. Her face reddened deeper in his presence. Hermione frowned at her, but Malfoy seemed unaware. When he finished, Scorpius used the napkin to wipe his hands, pocketed his note, and got down. He went for his empty plateÑto helpÑbut she shook her head. He was running late after all. For a moment, she thought he was going to lean against her before leaving with Catherine, a comfortable routine they'd established, but that didn't happen either. Instead, he bravely approached his father's side, standing before him, just like he did to Narcissa. Waiting for direction. Approval. "IÉ" The words died in Malfoy's throat. He turned in his seat, knees facing his son as he absently removed the frames from his face and placed them on the table. He returned his attention to Scorpius who stared back with a glimmer of wary hope in his eyes. Hermione held her breath, looking on, all while hoping neither of their feelings would get accidentally crushed. Whatever he was trying to do, Malfoy hesitated twice before committing to his next action. He lifted a finger to his chin and lowered it, speaking the word he was trying to sign. "Tomorrow?" It wasn't perfect, his moves as stilted and hesitant as the boy he had spent months studying. Nevertheless, Scorpius' eyes went wide with understanding, his face slack in awe. As was hers. Malfoy was making his move, bold and sure, but Scorpius' lack of response made him second guess himself. But instead of giving up and letting the moment pass, Malfoy glanced over at her once and then reached. He shifted in his chair and focused on his son, wetting his bottom lip in unconscious determination before trying one more time. Love was about patience and devotion, trust and perseverance. It never failed or faltered, nor was it prideful. Love was so many intangible things, but right then it was a man who only knew to keep quietly pushing and asking questions, learning and fighting for the opportunity to reach his son. As long as it took. As many sacrifices as he had to make. Step by step. "May I join you forÑ" Scorpius never let him finish. He didn't let go of Hermione's cardigan, not even when he made a small fist and shyly bobbed it in response. Yes. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. Martin Luther King Jr. Draco + Scorp Tomorrow Swimmer Draco Source: Jaxxinthebox Chapter End Notes A/N: Happy emergence of DILF Dad!Draco and emergence of my Domestic Sexual Tension tag. Lastly, thank you all for your support. Embedded art by Jaxx-in-a-box [ Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Art for this chapter: Swimmer!Draco Malfoy by willowalla & Hermione ft bamboo plant and swimmer Draco by bookloverdream-blessedindeed Chapter 21: BridgeOver Troubled Water Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Twenty One Bridge Over Troubled Water July 19, 2011 Teddy Lupin's hair oscillated between black and grey in a confusing display of monochrome colours that reminded Hermione of charcoal being washed away by the rain. It wasn't the only sign of his thinly veiled distress. The other was far more visible. His eyes. Overflowing with apprehension, they went from her old Third Year potions book to the bubbling cauldron, back to the book, then landed on her. Teddy was nearly her heightÑwhen had that happened?Ñand it gave her the perfect view of his cheeks, which were so red they reminded her of Ron whenever the Canons were losing and he was pretending not to care when he very much did. "How is it going?" "Good!" Hermione didn't believe him for one second, but offered an encouraging smile nonetheless, hoping it might sufficiently settle his nerves. Today's session had been Teddy's idea. As soon as he and Andromeda had arrived by Floo, he'd all but dragged Hermione into her brewing room to practise making a potion he was expected to brew at some point next term, driven by the desire to become better at the subject he had just made an Acceptable in. Barely. Teddy wanted to improve his marks; he wanted to be an Auror, after all. Like his mother. While Hermione could have tutored him in any other subject with success, potions required more than materials, cauldrons, and magic. There was a need for knowledge of the subject itself, Herbology and Care for Magical Creatures. But, more importantly, it required a willingness to experiment that Hermione had yet to perfect. She was still working on it. Her second attempt last weekend had produced a vial of Calming Draught made from nothing more than memory. She could point him to the book, instruct him to follow the directions provided, but Teddy needed more to help him improve: he needed interest outside of necessity. At thirteen, Teddy was the type of learner that, if not completely fascinated, could be shown something a thousand times and still not understand. Unfortunately, he had zero interest in the subject beyond the fact that he had to score decently on his O.W.L.s and N.E.W.T.s to get into the Auror Academy. "So what does it say to do next?" Hermione patiently prodded. Teddy's hair went snow white before darkening to grey as he went back to the book that detailed how to make Shrinking Solution. After clearing his throat nervously, he read the passage aloud. "Chop four daisy roots finely and add." He looked up. "But we chopped before we started." "Yes, we did, just for this reason. Preparation is key to making potions." Hermione handed over the bowl, and when Teddy pinched too much for the proper sprinkle, she offered some gentle direction. "Remember, light touch." "Okay." He did just that, sprinkling it until the potion turned the correct colour. He looked elated by his success, shakily confident, even. "I think I can do this." "Yes, you can." She let him work, not going too far, but stepping into her room where her drying herbs were hanging from the ceiling in muslin bags. She picked up her task from earlier, and when she finished, Hermione peeked her head out, catching sight of the teenager studying the book intensely with squinty eyes and pursed lips. "How's it going?" "It doesn't say how to add the leech juice, slowly or all at once." But Teddy made a decision before Hermione could offer input. He chose what any kid his age would have: he dumped it into the cauldron all at once. The signs of failure were immediate. First, it popped, then Teddy's hair turned the exact same shade of blue as the thick smoke that rose from the cauldron. After a yelp that showcased his changing voice, he stepped back and nearly collided with Tank, exhibiting the clumsiness he'd so clearly inherited. Before he could panic and the smoke and fumes had a chance to overtake the room, the magical safeguards she'd installed in the room kicked in. Activating between one breath and the next, they vanished the cloud. Hermione approached the now sullen teenager, peering at the sludge in the cauldron and Vanishing it before placing an empathetic hand on his shoulder. "That was better." At his disbelieving look, she ruffled his hair. "No dumping. That can destabilise the potion." Teddy's hair turned as pink as his cheeks. "I didn't think about that." "It's okay, you're still learning." "Yeah." He ran a hand through his now burgundy hair, looking as close to tears as she had ever seen him. "It's fine." The two words weren't encouraging. Teddy was pleasant, level-headed, and not prone to extremes. Clumsy, but able to laugh at himself. Her favourite things about him were his love of nature and his tendency to never take anything to heart. Seeing him visibly upset made Hermione adjust her approach, drawing him into a rare hug. Having been so heavily involved in raising him, comfort was more Harry's thing; he always knew what to say to Teddy. But he wasn't there, Andromeda was in the greenhouse clearing her mind before meeting Malfoy, and Teddy needed the support now. He held on like it was required of him. "What's wrong?" Teddy made a small, embarrassed noise before withdrawing and turning his back to her. "It's nothing. Can I go now?" "If you want." Hermione led the way out, making a mental note to scrub the cauldron later. Cleaning it would take more than a Scorgify. Instead of walking towards the conservatory, Teddy went out the front door. Following silently, patiently, Hermione knew better than to push. Eventually, he would talk. He always did, even if it wasn't to her. He had a different person to go to for each need. Her role had always been educational, but she was ready to fill in as needed. Only if he asked, though. It was pleasant outside for such an overcast and breezy day; the sun was hidden behind thick white clouds but still visible without hurting their eyes. Summer had a firm hold on the land surrounding her home. The grass was a lush green, spread in all directions, and only interrupted by sparse trees that hadn't quite taken root with the others in the forest. Teddy walked the short distance to the stream in front of her cottage and Hermione waited at the door to give him space, not knowing if it was needed or wanted. Sometimes solitude was a comfortable moment of reflection, other times it could be distressing, but she waited for Teddy to make the decision of whether she should approach or stay where she was. His invitation was extended with a simple glance. The silence didn't retreat upon her arrival, it stayedÑexpanding to develop into something that gave her a moment to marvel at the richness of colour and life around them. Irreplaceable peace could be found in little snatches of time and space such as these. Fresh air did wonders to clear the mind and revive the spirit, and Hermione looked on as Teddy took his first deep breath, hoping he would find the rejuvenation he needed after failing to make the potion. The usual sounds of nature drifted to her ears, mixing with the stream's lazy placidity and lulling her into a state of stillness that she hadn't experienced all day. The sight beyond her wards was mostly grassy pasture with a scattering of large trees and strips of woods in the outer edge of her sight line. Her closest neighbour was a Muggle farmer. She let his cattle and sheep graze on her lands each summer to keep down the grass, but that wouldn't happen until later, when pastures closer to his house were eaten down. Teddy toed off his shoes and pulled off his socks before sitting by the edge of the stream and allowing his feet to sink beneath the surface. Based on his lack of reaction or shock from being cold, the water was comfortable enough. Hermione didn't test it for herself, but she sat next to him and simply existed. Minutes rolled by before Teddy released a weighty sigh. "Be honest with me, Miss Hermione." A thousand times she'd told him to not call her Miss, but still he persisted. Andromeda had been a stickler about respect. "I always will be." Teddy stared as if he were able to pick up hints of placation. "I'm never going to become an Auror, am I?" This was a defining moment. Hermione knew she had to be careful because her words would matter; they could either build or destroy. Words were powerful like that, and she led with her affection for a boy she had known all his life. "It's not about what I think, Teddy. What do you believe?" "I believeÉ" He drew out the word like the sulky teenager he was. "I'm clumsy and terrible at potions, and IÑI'll never be an Auror." "Hmm." Hermione considered her next statement; her goal was to help not hinder. "Man is the measure of all things. Do you know what that means?" "I'm not a man. I'm thirteen." No then. She cracked a smile. "It's not the complete quote, and can mean so many different things to different people. For me, it's what comes to mind when you say things like that about yourself." Teddy looked supremely confused. "You decide who you are, who you will become, and what's true for you. If you decide you'll never become an Auror because of those reasons, then you won't. And, in the same breath, if you say that you will become an Auror despite those things, then you will. Does that make sense?" "Sort of." He looked pained. "But just thinking won't make me an Auror." "Of course not, but a positive mindset helps. Other things you need include hard work, determination, and persistence. I know you can do it, and everyone else does, too. We believe in you, we always will, but you have to believe in yourself." "How can I? I got an A in potions last term. You made Polyjuice in Second Year, Victoire got an E in potions First Year, and I still can't get anything right." "You can't compare yourself to everyone else." Hermione rested a hand on his shoulder. "You're not them, you're you. And that's amazing. You don't want to be like everyone else, do you?" "Yes." His admission was quiet, sullen, as he looked down at the clear water and wiggled his toes. "That's boring." She leaned and bumped her shoulder against his until Teddy gave her a ruffled look that made her smile widen. "Can I fly like you?" Hermione still had zero inclination towards flying and Teddy knew it, giving her a little chuffed laugh before shaking his head. "Is Victoire as good at Transfiguration and Charms as you?" Again, he shook his head, but seemed to have a growing understanding of what she was saying. "You're unique, Teddy. Even without your ever-changing hair and facial features, there'll never be another you." Hermione ruffled his hair until he complained while leaning away to fix it. His mood settled his hair into a shade of turquoise as her smile softened into something smaller and more genuine. "You'll make them proud, I'm certain." Teddy turned to her, eyes brimming with respect and tinged with hope. His hair faded to the same brown as his father's. Hermione's heart felt heavy with memories. Teddy didn't say anything, he just rested his head on her shoulder as they both looked off in the distance. "Miss Hermione?" "Hmm?" "How long until Harry gets here?" The question dissipated the cloud of heaviness that had settled over them; he sounded oddlyÉ nervous? And too informed. Hermione squinted at him, but Teddy pretended to be more interested in the clouds, whistling a tune she didn't recognise. As far as she knew, neither Andromeda nor Harry had told him about today. They wanted to see how it went before even approaching the idea of bringing him into the room. It wasn't a hardship. Teddy tended to keep to the guest room with magazines or the telly whenever he came over. "How do you know what's happening today?" "I overheard." Teddy's hair tinged purple with pride. She gave him a knowing look. "Snooped?" "Yes." His cheeks burned red and his hair lightened to something more lilac. "Was practicing stealth." "Looks like you'll be an Auror in no time." Hermione laughed when his smile brightened back to his normal level of happiness. "What did you find out?" "That I've got a cousin I've never met." The shift in his demeanour made it obvious he had no idea how to feel about that news. He shrugged awkwardly. "My grandmother never talked about them before." "You do." Hermione didn't know how much to divulge, what he could take, or what he was ready for. But the way he perked with interest meant he was ready to know something. "Actually, you have two cousins." "Two?" Teddy's eyes widened, jaw slackening with shock. "Let's see." She tapped her chin. "Draco would be your first cousin, once removed, which is just a fancy way of saying you're the son of his first cousin, which would be your mother." Teddy nodded his head, but still seemed lost. Which was fair. "And Scorpius would be your second cousin." "Who's Scorpius?" "Draco's son. He's five." That grabbed Teddy's interest. "Has he met Al?" He knew, just like everyone else, of Albus' issues with shyness and connecting with children his own age. He perked up at the prospect of a new friend in a sweet gesture that softened Hermione. He had grown into such an amazing kidÑwell, now an amazing teenager. The thought was scary but mind-blowing; a reflection of how quickly time had passed. "Yes, and they've become good friends. They draw each other pictures, Al sends him voice notes, and Scorpius sends him pictures of his cactus." It was still so heart-warming to witness their bond grow despite of their physical distance. All she could do was foster it with the hope that their friendship would blossom more when Albus returned. She couldn't wait for their reunion. At the conclusion of each drawing session, each end of Al's letters, and every Floo call when he asked about Scorpius, she could tell that they couldn't wait to be reunited either. The good news was that Harry and Ginny had narrowed it down and were close to choosing a new home, so maybe it would be sooner than planned. "What's he like?" Teddy was quiet for a moment. "IÑ" "Scorpius?" "Him, too, I guess." Teddy shrugged and moved his feet under the gentle current. Ah. So, both. "Scorpius reminds me of Al, so be kind. He's not used to being around other kids and may get a bit lost or overwhelmed. He doesn't talk." At Teddy's confused expression, Hermione looked out at the pasture, exhaling in the breeze. "His mother was sick for a long time. Last November sheÉ" Teddy's hair turned black with understanding. "Oh." "He's lost someone, just like you. Even if you can't remember it, I know you miss them dearly." Teddy looked sombre, and his head tilted to the side, landing on her shoulder again. Hermione wrapped an arm around him and held on. They stayed like that for quite some time. "Do you think that's why he doesn't talk?" "Maybe." Hermione shrugged. "But he has changed so much since I first met him." It was like night and day. Scorpius was growing rapidly, still unsure of himself, still fumbling, but he was becoming more comfortable with his father's presence, at the very least. Each breakfast with Malfoy in the last week had brought about something new in Scorpius. Bold staring had simmered to shy glances. Scorpius was beginning to get through meals without worrying that Malfoy would leave. This morning he'd even accepted the empty plate from his dad's hands to bring to Hermione for washing. Each meal started with a signed greeting and ended with Malfoy's single question: tomorrow? And Scorpius' unfailing response: yes. On Friday, after Scorpius left for classes, Hermione had fretted over what changes the weekend might bring to their tentative routine, but a late Saturday afternoon Floo call from an amused Pansy loosened that feeling of worry that had soured her heart. Apparently she'd happened upon Malfoy eating cereal with Scorpius that morning when she'd turned up to take Narcissa out for a spa day. The mental image, along with Malfoy's commitment to hold on to the connection he'd tentatively made, still made her feel warm and light. "What about my other cousin?" Teddy's hair brightened from blue to an aquamarine. Malfoy. Once again, Hermione found herself choosing her words wisely, but this time, they came easier. "He isÑ" "Few months ago Harry said he was a ragingÑ" Whatever he was about to say died in the breeze with a snap of her fingers. Hermione knew exactly what Harry had said about Malfoy a few months ago. It wasn't pretty. Teddy grinned impishly and she released the charm. "You shouldn't repeat what Harry says. It's important to make decisions about a person for yourself and not based on what someone else told you or even how you remember them. They can surprise you. Harry knows this now, too, and so do I." That was the truth. Teddy nodded. "If you want to know how he was at your age, well, he was such a foul, pointy prat that I hit him Third Year. Still a highlight." Teddy laughed when she nudged him in the ribs. He knew about almost all of their adventuresÑtime travel included. Ron loved telling him stories of their exploits when he was growing up. "But Draco is older now. He can still be a prat, a very aggravating one, but also not. He'sÉ odd." Hermione lowered her voice as if telling him a secret. "I can't quite figure him out." Teddy's eyes widened. "But Harry says you know almost everything." "Almost," she emphasised. "Not everything." Not him. Not completely. To say she truly knew anything, there had to be a totality to her knowledgeÑor as much as she could expect within reason. It was hard to understand someone who had been so closed off, someone who seemed like a blur of contradictions. Malfoy's need for control clashed with his want to experiment. The distance he maintained from Scorpius contrasted the amount of time he spent learning everything about his son in order to take the first step. Confident yet hesitant. Indifference with others versus the quiet affection he carried for his mother. He kept his humanity in his pocket while brandishing his apathy like a weapon. And yet, that wasn't enough for Malfoy to fix things. There were more things that didn't quite fit with the persona he kept upÑthe one that appeared to be losing its steely shape as of late. Or maybe that had always been a mirage. A trick played on her before her very eyes. There was the tea, which remained the largest questionÑ "Maybe you're thinking too hard." Hermione was startled enough by Teddy's words to laugh. "Oh and is that your opinion, great wise one?" "Dunno." The teenager shrugged. "Maybe you don't want to know him." "Oh?" She figured she could humour him. "And why wouldn't I?" "Then you'll know him." Before Hermione could inquire exactly what he meant, she heard someone calling her. They both turned. Harry was waving her in. It was time. She looked at Teddy. "You can come in and meet him, if you want." "Maybe later. I'll go feed and play with the chickens and maybeÉ" He smiled too brightly, hair turning a pleasant shade of gold. Like a halo. "Can I use my wand to water the plants in the greenhouse?" "You can use the hose." Teddy sulked. He knew he couldn't use magic outside of school, no matter how much he hated that fact. Not that she cared about that ruleÑas often as they'd broken it. But, really, the very last thing she needed was the Ministry to show up at her house due to his Trace. Unlikely, but not outside of the realm of possibility, given the methods they'd used in the past to enter her home uninvited. The current tension between her and the Wizengamot and the ever-growing whispers that followed her around like a shade didn't help matters either. Hermione got to her feet, dusting the grass off her jeans. "When you're ready." With her parting words to Teddy, she made the walk back to her cottage, greeting Harry at the door. She glanced at her watch. They had another two hours before she'd have to skip out for lunch with Scorpius and Narcissa, who had decided to grace them with her presenceÑlikely to observe her grandson's break time. Harry wore a slight cringe when she closed in on him. "What is it?" "We have to meet the teams in Godric's Hollow in an hour. There have been a series of Death Eater sightings north of town." While not a great distance away, Godric's Hollow was the closest town to her home, and if there were sightingsÑwell, that was too close for comfort. "We're putting the town under watch, issuing a curfew, and coordinating teams of guards. Any activity around your wards?" "None since the end of last month." The one she'd broken down and told him about a day or so after her and Malfoy's reconciliation. Harry had sent a team to canvas but found nothing, not even a hint of any people in the woods around her home. "It's been quiet." "Too quiet. Did youÑ" "I spent this past full moon at Pansy's and the next day we checked everything. No signs at all of any activity or disturbances." In fact, the last disturbance had beenÉ "How's Mathers?" "Improving slowly. We were able to extract his memories andÉ" Harry looked disturbed. "Killing him would have been an act of mercy. His family wants him Obliviated so he has the chance to start over." Risky, experimental, and ethically questionable, it was Roger's sort of case through and through, but she already knew it was something he would argue against because of his brother. Hermione made a note to set a meeting with him. For curiosity's sake. And then one with Theo to learn all the details. Today, though, there were more important matters. "Is Andromeda still in the greenhouse?" "Yes. Malfoy is in the conservatory having a look around." That was odd; he'd been there before. Harry looked out at his godson, who was stretched out against grass that was the exact shade of his hair. "Is he coming in?" "Not yet." "Interesting. He was oddly excited about coming." "Actually, he wanted to brew Shrinking Solution." Harry scratched the stubble on his jaw. "Did heÑ" "No, but close. There was no fire this time." His green eyes softened with worry. "It's fine, we handled it. Then we talked about the meeting today. He knows, at least in some capacity, what's happening." "Stealth practice?" "You know it." Hermione chuckled then thumbed over her shoulder. "How's Malfoy?" The look he gave her was as deadpan as the wizard she had inquired about: mouth a horizontal slit, eyes on her, unblinking. Except there was something more genuine in Harry's expression, something playful and chiding that made her roll her eyes. It was strange, but the thought floated past her like ash in the wind. But a bit of it caught her attention in a way it shouldn't. Who would notice a speck of nothing, after all? "He's himself." Harry's sarcasm lacked its usual bite, but that didn't make her feel any better. Her odd sense of foreboding only grew when she entered the conservatory. Harry exited the back door to summon Andromeda while Hermione approached Malfoy, who was frowning at the small Venus flytrap on her table next to the Touch-Me-Not. "It's for James." Malfoy cast a look at her. "Do you always give odd plants as gifts?" "Not always." Hermione bit back a small smile. "He suddenly wants a dog and Harry decided to use this as a test when he returns." Malfoy looked puzzled, but he didn't realise just what a plant could teach a child. "It's something he has to feed and take care of." She wanted him to understand the purpose. "It'll either teach him responsibility or Harry will be catching bugs to feed his son's plant. Either way, I've done my part." "I see." Hermione watched as he ran a slow finger down the spine of the Touch-Me-Not, which reacted by closing up. Thoughts of the last time he'd touched the plant were fresh on her mind. "Thank you for coming." "I'm not here for sentimental reasons, Granger." "It doesn't matter why you're here, only that you are." Malfoy slowly turned to face her, his eyes fixed and immediately catching something that made him reach out and touch her hair. But before a puzzled Hermione could think or do or say anything, he explained away his actions by presenting a thick blade of grass that had been caught in her hair. He tossed it in the rubbish next to the table. "Oh, Harry never said a thing." Hermione awkwardly patted her curls down. "I doubt he noticed." "But you did." Malfoy's stare took on a decidedly sharper edge before he abruptly looked away. Had she not watched him closer, paid more attention to what he wasn't saying, the conversation might have been over. His body language gave nothing away but there was a heaviness about him, a slightly familiar expression that made her wonder. "Are you nervous?" His responding scoff was incredulous and haughty. "I have no reason to be." "You've never met her and she's your aunt. I'd be nervous if I were you." Her words made him tense. "I have a connection to her in any way, outside of lineage." "Blood isn't the only thing that bonds people." Hermione suppressed the urge to fill a fraction of the space between them. "I think gardening has made me understand that we're all connected on a deeper, more significant levelÉ whether we want to be or not. It's up to us to determine the hows and whys, and whether we choose to nurture that connection or not." "By that logic, you and IÑ" He never finished his statement. The door opened and Hermione looked over her shoulder just in time for Andromeda to enter with Harry at her side. It felt as if everything, even time, came to a halt when the two relatives took each other in for the first time. Though she was more focused on Andromeda, Hermione could almost feel Malfoy's destabilising spike in energy as he inhaled involuntarily. But by the time she looked, his mask was set, even if his energy wasn't. Instead of sitting, Andromeda approached them. Hermione nearly stepped out the way but an odd feeling kept her rooted at his side. "Hello, Draco." "Andromeda." Malfoy inclined his head, the manners he'd learned kept the action fluid, even if his tone was not. They observed one another for another breath. Then two. Andromeda was the first to break with a calculated attempt at amicability. "You remind me so much of your mother." "You mean my father." His comment was curt, Hermione had expected that, but something about its utterance caused a coil of caution to curl inside of her. That tone was reminiscent of one he'd used on her a time or two. "In looks, I suppose. But the expression you're giving me right now reminds me very much of your mother." While Andromeda offered no further explanation, Hermione could see the similarities once they were all seated at the table. Malfoy and Andromeda sat on opposite ends while she and Harry buffered the space in between. Malfoy appraised his aunt with the same scrutiny he did everyone else when she returned with a floating tray of tea and biscuits. He began to politely stand, a move that made Andromeda's head tilt, but Hermione shook her head and raised her hand to halt his unnecessary action. Only when he relaxed back in his seat did she serve each person their tea and place the plate of biscuits in the centre of the table. As she took her seat, Hermione caught sight of Malfoy's tension, which contrasted Harry's eagerness to help himself to a biscuit. He was the first, despite Hermione's hard look. "I love your baking." Unapologetically, Harry took a bite and closed his eyes. "So good. Though I prefer your sad pies." Fortunately for him, he was too far to kick, but he caught her daggered glare and grinned sheepishly. "I should shut up." Hermione almost answered yes, but changed her mind when she noticed Malfoy and Andromeda unified in their puzzled expressions. It had been a good icebreaker moment, albeit unexpected, and she felt the tone shift in the room. If only for a moment. Both aunt and nephew looked at her, then at the plate of lemon biscuits; the latter's lingering gaze was filled with far more scrutiny than the former. "Did you say lemon?" Andromeda helped herself politely. "I love lemonÑwell, anything, really." So did the person she'd had in mind when she'd made them, but Malfoy maintained his pensive silence. He seemed distracted and it earned him the push Hermione gave. Or shove. "Malfoy loves lemon, as well, isn't that right?" His stare shifted into a scowl, carving a hole into Hermione to express his disapproval. She noted it with a raised eyebrow but pressed on. She wouldn't step back, that much was clear in her body language and pointed look. There was a small tick in his jaw before his face relaxed slightly. "That's correct." His two words were delivered in a slow drawl that sounded faintly like a growl. "Then you should help yourself." Hermione sipped her tea. Which he did with petulant slowness, frowning all the way through the action of tasting the biscuit. It was hard to read him for approval or maybe, she hadn't fully tried, but he didn't voice any criticism so she accepted it as a success. Next was the tea. Hermione watched him with the quiet hope that she'd gotten it right. She hadn't had another opportunity to observe his preferences and she'd had to rely on her memory. One sugar or two? Steeped for how many minutes? All sorts of questions weaved around as she prepared it today but her only indication that she'd gotten it right was how quickly he finished it. She smiled into her own cup. "It appears we both like lemon." Andromeda, who was used to dealing with the whims and emotions of a teenager, used some of that patience on her nephew. "Your mother hates it or anything that isn't delicate or sweet." Her subsequent chuckle was brittle and awkward but well-meaning. It wasn't the best thing Andromeda could have said, and maybe she was nervous. Even Harry picked up on the error of her words with his cringe, but he helped himself to a second and third biscuit. He was hungry and Hermione found herself wondering how he could eat. Her stomach had been twisted in knots from all the tension. Malfoy cleared his throat and she froze; nothing good could come from that sound. "How exactly would you know that her tastes haven't changed?" Crisp. Sharp. Calculated. There it was. Malfoy had been waiting for the perfect line, the perfect moment to strike. "You abandoned your family and haven't seen or spoken to my mother in years." For the longest twenty seconds of her life, Hermione couldn't speak. Her heart beat in her ears. Harry shoved an entire biscuit in his mouth. The greying skies served as a reflection of the mood in the conservatory. It was hard to ignore, but even harder to resist the urge to step in. That wouldn't work, not with either of them, nor had it been part of her plan in attending. Her role was simple: provide a safe space, serve as a buffer, and let them interact. Malfoy's definition of interact, however, apparently involved going on the attack. But Hermione was quickly reminded of the difference between Andromeda and those who found themselves frustrated with Draco Malfoy. She let his attack roll off her like the rain that would soon be sliding down the glass. "Unforgivingly direct and abrupt." Andromeda chuckled to herself. "You are definitely my sister's son. Not one for small talk, are you?" "Not if it can be helped." "Then we should bypass it completely." "Yes." Not liking Malfoy's tone, Harry gave her a wide-eyed look that begged for intervention before washing his biscuit down with tea. Hermione still waited with the fading hope of civility and wished for the strength to not vocalise her irritation. Loudly. "I suppose you want to know why I declined to show up for tea with your mother." Andromeda picked up her teacup and took a small sip. Hermione focused on the rhythmic action of Malfoy tapping his finger on the table. Then expanded it to him and the way his jaw clenched, belying just how tightly his teeth were clenched. She made note of the defiance that rolled off him in every small actionÑright down to the razor focus on his aunt. "That's a good place to start." "I have no excuse, except that I wasn't ready." Andromeda's open response surprised Hermione out of outright staring at Malfoy. "I'll admit that I tried several times to start a letter to send, but the longer I heard nothing from her, the more discouraged I became." "That's not an excuse." "No, it isn't, but communication is two-way, Draco. It shouldn't have taken thirteen years for your mother to decide that I'm worth reconnecting with." "And it shouldn't take her dying for you to decide she's worth reconsidering." The sound of Andromeda's teacup shattering was clamorous. Harry and Hermione both jolted into action. She Vanished the broken mess while Harry checked on the paling witch who kept apologising repeatedly and profusely. Malfoy remained perfectly calm. When Andromeda stood abruptly, Malfoy rose to his feet as well, though he looked considerably more confused by her loud reaction. But Hermione knew one thing he didn't. Andromeda didn't know and he'd carelessly dropped a bomb she had been hoping to ease the older witch into gently during the course of their conversation. Realisation crept up on her, an ache written all over her face, in her shaking hands, in her actions and the way she kept blinking in shock. Lost. Stunned beyond words. The truth began to cut through the mental preparation she'd done to prepare for this meeting. When Andromeda finally found her words, they were choked. "IÑexcuse me. I'm afraid I might be ill." Hand on her chest, the other on her head, Andromeda staggered in the wrong direction, towards the back door that led outside. The door slamming behind her resounded, snapping the stunned Harry to attention. He immediately followed her, but not before hotly glaring at Malfoy, who looked confused and scattered. It wasn't until they were alone that he uttered, "I thought she knew." "I hadn't told her." Hermione pinched the bridge of her nose. "I was working up to it." Malfoy went to the window that overlooked her land and observed. It wasn't long before she joined him. Below, not too far away, stood Andromeda, visibly upset, sobbing on Harry as he held on to the smaller woman. Malfoy looked on with his arms folded, a blank slate for all she could tell, but his presence made her realise that he wasn't as unaffected as he appeared. "Why didn't you tell her before today?" His question was even and quiet. "I respect the vow I took. I respect my role as your mother's Healer." Hermione stepped closer to the window. "I've seen Andromeda, but your mother only gave me permission to tell her not too long ago. I was hoping to break it to her gently. Perhaps I should have told you that, but you clearly came here with your own agenda." "Yes, I did, and that was to have my questions answered." "What Andromeda didn't tell you was that one time she tried to approach your mother." Their eyes met for a second before returning to the painful scene outside. "She saw Narcissa while she was in the midst of an episode. She didn't remember her." All she got from Malfoy in the following moments was unease. Guilt. Hermione knew where it came from and what it looked like. It was in the silence after harsh words; a feeling of being unsettled and hollow. Guilt would eat at anyone when their heart knew better. It was a present weight, another one he bore, one of the many, but today truth made it heavier than usual and he strained under the weight. Although manageable to hold, it was ultimately unnecessary. "IÉ" Hermione bit her lip in a moment of silent thoughtfulness. "I think you know as well as I do that family is messy and imperfect. It's never pretty, but it is a solid ground for forgiveness to be planted and nurtured." "Excellent words, Granger, butÑ" "I know you can, that you believe you need to, but don't burn all your bridges out of spite." Malfoy never moved, but Hermione knew she had his attention. "You might not agree with her, you might not like her excuse, but she's your family. She'll be all you and Scorpius have before long. I know you don't believe it now, but you'll need her. You'll both need each other." "Doubtful." His voice was brittle. "I've survived my entire life without knowing her." "Survived, yes, but are you thriving?" Where had that come from? The question and answer were out concurrently, her mind returning to a time not long ago when Narcissa had asked the same thing. Hermione remembered feeling odd, and rightly so. It was a simple yet personal question, but one she had never answered for herself. It patiently waited. But right then Malfoy remained unmoved by her poetic question or the silence that fell in the seconds that gathered after. "Does it matter?" "Nothing wrong with surviving." Hermione watched as he lowered his eyes. "It means you haven't given up. But since you want better for Scorpius, you'll have to want better for yourself, too." Outside, Harry was speaking to Andromeda. The years helping her raise Teddy had fostered a bond between them that was much like a mother and son, but also a friend. He was working on his end, and she had to work on hers. "Your mother needs this and she needs your support. I'm not asking that youÑ" "What are you asking me to do, Granger?" "Try." Hermione put aside calculation and levelled with him. "Not for your mother or Scorpius or for anyone else. Just yourself. You need this just as much as anyone." She kept her next words low and private. Just between them. "No one ever truly understands what it's like to lose someone you love, except for the person it's happening to. You both have lost time and time again andÑ" After catching the slight twitch in his hand, Hermione made alterations. "Everyone loves, grieves, expresses sorrow, and shows their pain in so many different ways. Like your relationship with your mother, distance doesn't negate the fact that you love her, doesn't change the fact that you care about her well-being and want the best for her regarding the care she's afforded. Same with Andromeda, I think, but only you can figure that out for yourself. If you're not willing to do that, what was your reason for coming at all?" Hermione excused herself to clear the table, sending it all to the kitchen where she washed everything by hand and put them away. Upon her return to the conservatory, she expected one thing but found another. Malfoy was gone and Harry stood in his place, looking out the window, deep in thought, and she quickly found out the reason for his expression. Andromeda and Malfoy were in her vegetable patch. Together. Neither were speaking or even standing near each other, but all Hermione could think about was the complexity of bridges. So much effort, time, and calculation were needed to even begin construction. The first step was both simple and complicated, requiring a complete tear down of the walls that obstructed the path. And now was just the time to do it. July 20, 2011 Hermione hesitated twice before opening the door she'd been standing in front of for the past five minutes. Permission had been given. She was free to enter as she wished, but today was the first test of the access he'd granted her in the library. It wasn't her first return visit, they'd already spent two evenings working side by side on translations in the last week, but Hermione hadn't been the first to arrive. Today, thanks to more Death Eater sightings around Godric's Hollow, he wasn't. But with Malfoy gone, Narcissa at a fundraising eventÑdraped with security and KeatingÑScorpius drawing with Albus before bed, and nothing pressing, Hermione had time to read through his research into Narcissa's disease. She would have taken the sofa, but the space his desk provided to spread out was necessary, which was a bit alarming for one reason. Malfoy had cleared a spot for her by neatly stacking his work on one side. The tidiness brought her attention to something she hadn't seen since her first visit. The pictures of him and Scorpius sat in front of the new bamboo plant, which was properly watered and placed in the perfect spot for the indirect sunlight it thrived on. Hermione found her attention drifting to the picture of Malfoy holding a newborn Scorpius, taking in the softer expression, which gave new and deeper meaning to the note she could never forget. You're the best choice I've ever made. Then she turned to the more recent photo, noticing something she hadn't before. It was nothing more than a glance. A flash. A hint. When Malfoy rested a hand on Scorpius' shoulder, the little boy shifted away from his touch and that was when she saw it clearly written on his face. Worry. Another clue. Another moment of hindsight. Another moment her bias hadn't allowed her to see clearly. Hermione sighed to the empty room, opened the first of his folders, and got to work, trying to clear her mind of the growing swell of thoughts concerning the father and son in the photo she kept glancing at. She shook her head and focused, but still found herself noticing little thingsÉ Like the difference between their approach to Narcissa's disease. Malfoy's initial focus had been on the actual science: the symptoms and cause. Hers began with the broader picture: the totality of dementia. Where Hermione had been focused on slowing it down, Malfoy wanted to break it down to its molecular level to find a cure. To save her. Hermione had accepted there was no cure immediately because that was what everyone had told her, even the books, but he'd needed explicit proof that there wasn't hope for that before accepting her fate. The first two folders showed his relentless pursuit to root out a cure, but somewhere in the middle of the third his research shifted. Changed. As Malfoy began to accept the truth, his focus became more about the individual symptoms and the best ways to treat them. It had led him to a similar place. Only where she'd gotten her information on treatment potions from Charles, Malfoy had found out first-hand. His idea of combining the potions was laid out on parchment in his awful handwriting that she had to squint to interpret. She read over the list of every possible bonding agent he'd figured out, the ones he'd ruled out had a single line through each name. Amongst the survivors were photos of each herb along with pages of research into their properties. His theory to combine the three potions involved proposed alterations to the current recipe, and should it work, it would vastly improve the regime she had Narcissa on. Hermione needed a quill to make a note for herself and looked around, her eye catching something off to the side. A folded note with her name written in messy scrawl. Granger-I've left wizarding law books in the bottom left drawer you might find useful. Before she could inspect said drawer, the office door opened slowly and a blond head peeked in. Scorpius. Hermione brightened at the mere sight of him, more when he pushed the door open wider, revealing that he'd already dressed for bed. He wasn't alone. Catherine was behind him. "Um." Catherine was clearly surprised and visibly flustered by her presence. "How did you get through the warding? Mr Malfoy is particular about privacy. He allows Scorpius but no one else. I usually slip my status report under the door." "I'm aware." Even though she hadn't known the extent. "He's allowed me access as we're working on a few projects together." Catherine nodded then remembered the child in front of her. "Scorpius wanted to say good night." But he went to the bookshelf instead. "Oh." Hermione checked her watch, eyes bulging. Two hours had passed since she'd started delving into his research. It had felt like mere minutes. "He's not here yet but should be soon. We're scheduled to work on research tonight. If you've got plans, Scorpius can wait with me." "His bedtime isn't for another half hour. He's started wanting to come down earlier lately so I prepare him for bed earlier." "Any plans for the rest of your evening?" Hermione asked conversationally. It occurred to Hermione how little she knew about someone she saw every day. "I'm meeting my roommates and their friends for dinner and a show." "Sounds like a fun night." "I haven't been out in a while." Catherine sounded excited, appearing more at ease than she was when she'd first entered. "I usually stay in the guest quarters when Mrs Malfoy or Mr Malfoy are out beyond Scorpius' bedtime." That surprised her. "You have a room here?" "Yes, I have my own quarters upstairs. The wards let me know if Scorpius needs me." Well, that was impressive. Yelling or arguing was the only way Hermione could tell if one of Harry's kids needed her whenever the lot stayed over. She was curious about how that worked. "If one of them is home and it's early enough, I have a flat in London. I have roommates because I'm so far from my family. It's like a built-in friendship circle." "Those are important." They both watched as Scorpius scanned the bookshelf. He'd quickly selected his first book but was stuck between two extra options for his second. Hermione stood and made a gesture to the sofa for them all to sit. Catherine joined her after leaving her daily report on Malfoy's desk. Scorpius returned with his choices, looking proud of himself but then squinty until he realised there was a spot for him at Hermione's side. And Catherine wasn't in it. Once he was all snuggled up at her side, with his feet tucked beside him, he opened his first find and settled into looking at colourful pictures of plants. Hermione glanced over at Catherine, who wore a rather warm expression while watching her charge. "I think we're getting along better now." Catherine's whisper was conspiratorial, even though the subject could have clearly heard them if he'd paid attention. "He hasn't hidden in weeks." It likely had to do with the fact that things were much different for him now. There had been a decrease in stressors in his life. Her presence and safe haven. The loosening of rules and the increase in his ability to communicate. The new yet tentatively growing bond between him and his father. His first friendship. Small but all monumental in bringing him out of the shell he'd hidden in. But Hermione kept quiet about her analysis, more interested in watching Scorpius change his mind about the picture book and pick up his alternative. Winnie the Pooh. First edition. "You know, I think it's great what you're doing for them." Hermione looked up to find her watching them both, a small smile on her face. Before she could reply, Scorpius signed please, pointed to the book, and gave her adorably pleading eyes. Like she would ever tell him no. "Of course." Scorpius flashed a quick smile and settled again as she opened the book, noting the signs that she was the first to do so. The crack of the stiff spine. The pristine pages. The scent. It was a rare collectible purchased for a child worth far more; one that would be appreciated. "Has this been read to you before?" He shook his head. "You're in for a treat, but I'll need your help turning the pages." He signed okay and Hermione started. The more she read, the more comfortable he got. He rested his head on her arm and wound his arms around hers. When his thumb made its way to his mouth, the countdown commenced. A glimpse at Catherine two pages later for a silent check-in proved just how right she was. But before he dropped off completely, before his breathing shifted to the deep slumber of a tired child, the Floo came to life and out stepped his father, who halted in his steps, surveying the room. Scorpius slowly blinked awake, rubbing his eyes. Catherine was instantly on a nervous ledge. "We wereÑ" "You've done nothing wrong." Malfoy's tone was levelled and careful. Even though his words were directed at Scorpius' nanny, his eyes slid back and forth between her and Scorpius, who was still snuggled at her side. He hadn't moved or let go, only yawned adorably, his mouth forming a perfect circle. Scorpius sat up slowly then tensed when he realised his father had arrived. Wide awake by that point, he greeted him with a shy wave that his father returned. "Apologies for being late." He stepped fully into the room. "We had a situation at work and I was detained on another matter." "Not a problem at all. Catherine brought Scorpius here before bed. He wanted to wait up to say good night." Hermione gently extracted her arm from his before closing the book and making a mental note of where to pick up. She didn't want to bend the pages. Scorpius stood and slowly approached his father, peering up at him until Malfoy did something he'd seen her do over the course of the last week. He got down on one knee. It was always interesting how a small action made such a large impact. Now that he wasn't such a large figure, Scorpius only needed a bit of vocal prodding from Catherine and a nod from Hermione before he signed good night exactly how she'd taught him. Just like he'd practiced. His ears turned pink from his father's attention and Hermione had to cover her grin. The sight was too wholesome for words. But then Malfoy did something that made her breath catch, her smile fading to something just as tentative as his action. He signed two words that gave Scorpius pause, made him look to her for interpretation. A phrase he didn't know. And one that she did. "Sweet dreams." Hermione repeated the sign, only now with words and meaning. Scorpius' eyes went wide at the surprise affection expressed in simple words while his father's ever-present nerves laid underneath the layer of calm he tried to radiate. She saw his discomfort, but also his resolve. And while Scorpius didn't sign back, he took an unconscious step towards his father, both of their eyes wandering down as he opened his small hand in what appeared to be the start of an offering. But then he bottled up, shied away, and stepped back while signing good night again. He scrambled to Hermione's side for comfort and support; his lean turned into an embrace that could be described as stolen. Only it wasn't, not really. It was willingly given. "You did so well," Hermione whispered between them as Malfoy rose to his full height. "Sweet dreams." Hermione showed the little boy the sign again, which he did for the first time on his own for her, then shyly for his father before leaving with Catherine. He looked back three times. It wasn't until the door shut behind them that Malfoy showed a hint of exhaustion. He ran a hand over his face and tried to start the next task. Hermione didn't move. "Sit for a moment." Hermione gestured to the sofa and was surprised when he listened without argument. He must have been tired. "Godric's Hollow?" "More sightings farther away from town." Hermione watched as he removed his tie and laid it on the table. The act was something normal that anyone would do after a long and frustrating day, but it was more noteworthy that he'd done so in her presence, and without much thought. "What have you all been instructed to do?" "Hestia has been given the discretion to handle the situation, so we've expanded our patrol twenty kilometres out. There are Aurors positioned throughout the village and Task Force members patrolling the woods. Potter is likely still there." Meaning things were more serious. "I live within your patrol zone. Should I be worried?" "Are you?" Dressed like a question, his comment sounded more like a probe: testing the strength of her confidence, looking for weaknesses. "It wouldn't be surprising if you were. Potter has expressedÉ concerns for your safety." "To you?" "Not just him." Malfoy sat back, appearing relaxed, but there was an undercurrent of tension that could have meant so many things. "I've heard concerns from multiple sources." "Theo." Which made sense. Still, he didn't confirm or deny it, but his silence was more than enough to confirm her assumption that her friends were talking. Hermione didn't like discussions surrounding her, never had, but she found it far more irritating now that Malfoy was privy to them. "Now, what I don't understand is why." His eyes narrowed in slight suspicion. "We're all under the same threat. Potter's home was vandalised. Why is there so much discussion about your solitude and your wards?" "Perhaps my confidence in them is worrying, but I'm not apologising for it." The look he gave her stretched in the quiet office, stirred by the way he didn't avert his attention to anything else and ending when he finally did. Rising to his feet, he moved towards his desk, which prompted Hermione to follow. Malfoy leafed through the papers she'd left strewn all over his desk and picked up one parchment, squinting until he summoned his glasses and put them on. "Sorry." Hermione cringed at the disorganised mess she'd left in her wake. "I was interrupted. I can justÑ" Malfoy waved a hand and the notes neatly arranged themselves into the folders which then stacked on top of themselves in order. "Thanks." "How far did you get?" "I was in the third folder, just reading everything and making notes. I had a few questions." "Naturally." Hermione cut her eyes at his tone but felt silly for having such a reaction. It wasn't dismissive, just sarcastic. "Only a few but not as they pertain to your research, just things I've been curious about along the way." "Such as?" Like earlier when she'd sat down, his seat automatically adjusted to his height and comfort, making him appear taller, even while seated. Malfoy regarded her with dry curiosity as he offered the other open chair. It wasn't necessary but it was polite and the last week or so had taught her to accept the small gestures. Still strange, but in the spirit of peace, Hermione inclined her head before taking a seat. "The first time your mother accidentally Apparated, where did she go?" "To the Manor." It was very clear he didn't want to answer but did so anyway. "To answer your follow-up question, she never goes anywhere twice." Like always, one answered question sprouted another, and more, further tickling her curiosity. "How do you know where to find her?" Malfoy leaned back. Hermione folded her arms, waiting patiently. But she was supremely confused when he took off his signet ring and placed it on the table. "There's your answer." "What?" "The ring has been spelled to bring me to her side should she get lost." Like a special sort of portkey. The spellwork involved in its creation wasn't unfamiliar, though not anything she had done before due to the level of complexity involved, and the mistakes that could be made during its creation. She'd never needed to go to such great lengths. Unlike Malfoy. Apparently Hermione had been reeling in shocked silence for too long. "It's not illegal, if that's what you're wondering." Malfoy's drawl was like the aura around him, a bit guarded and defensive, but above all, unapologetic. "Frowned upon, yes. Unethical? Possibly. Illegal? No. I've checked." He lifted a brow over the black frame of his glasses. "Arguments?" "Several but more importantly, why are you telling me?" "It was done for my mother's security, something you previously mentioned my lack of foresight on. I'm telling it to you now to show that your statement was incorrect and I have considered it. Should she wander away in a public setting or accidentally Disapparate, I'll only need that to find her." Malfoy gestured to the ring on the desk as if allowing Hermione to examine it for herself. Which she did. "You could use a tracking spell." "They can beÑ" Malfoy paused abruptly when she absently slipped the ring on her middle finger. It wasn't close to fitting. "Inaccurate." No need to look, she felt him watching, but couldn't stop herself from lifting her head anyway. Heavy. Focused but slightly lidded. He rested his elbow on the arm of his chair and cupped his chin in his hand. Hermione fought back the discomfort of feeling exposed in a moment she shouldn't have been scrutinised, ignoring the sensation that coursed through her veins in a sensation so tense the only thing she could reason to do was take off the ring. Before Hermione could place it on the desk, Malfoy whispered a spell that brought the ring to life in her hand. The emerald stone lit up, pulsing slowly. "It quickens the closer I am to her." "How is this tied to your mother? As far as I know, there has to be something it's connected to." "She wears my father's wedding ring around her neck." Malfoy folded his arms across his chest. "He gave it to her the night he died. It took the better part of three months to work out the magic and another to work out a deterrent charm to make her reconsider removing it. That is the unethical part." He caught the surprised look on her face. "Arguments?" "Several. Does Narcissa know?" "Yes." Malfoy put the ring back on. "It was her suggestion after it took hours for me to find her once when a tracking charm I set didn't work. I placed a deterrent charm as well so if she has a moment of forgetfulness, she doesn't want to pull it off. As you know, my mother does not like feeling out of control." "Yes, I know." The morality was questionable at best, but if Narcissa approved, there wasn't much argument for Hermione. Besides, it was failproof and it worked in a way that gave her peace of mind. "I don't much like it butÑ" "You'll ignore rules when they no longer suit your needs." Which was true, but Hermione hadn't expected the blunt statement. "You've got me all figured out, then?" "Not exactly." "What else do you want to know?" She opened her hands. "Unlike you, I'm an open book." "Are you?" Malfoy's eyebrow lifted in challenge. "About your opinions, arguments, and judgments on anything you find reprehensible or not up to your standards? Yes, you absolutely are. Anything else? Not so much." "Curious statement from someone who knows how I prefer my tea." "I've observed." He went into his desk and pulled out his scheduler. "I need to cancel Thursday." Quite an abrupt change in topic but Hermione was quick on the update. "That's fine." "The real reason I was late tonight is I went to visit my aunt." Hermione's thoughts came to a stuttering halt. "What?" "During the dinner she forced me to eatÑ" Malfoy glared hotly when she made a small, amused noise. Andromeda definitely had a knack for forcing meals and she wondered what tactics the witch had used on her impossibly stubborn nephew. Blunt force? Hermione's smile grew at the mental image but faded when she realised she was being watched. "We coordinated a meeting for tomorrow." He continued on. "Given the circumstances and both of their willingness to meet, my aunt doesn't want to wait any longer. I'll speak to my mother when she returns tonight." "I can host," she volunteered instantly, still flabbergasted that they managed to sort it without her intervention. This was the best news she'd gotten all week, even though Malfoy's expression remained flat. "I can cook andÑ" Malfoy silenced her by clearing his throat pointedly then shook his head in something close to amusement. "My aunt told me you would volunteer to host, which is fine, as your home is a neutral, familiar place for us all. As far as cooking, she said to tell you to receive." Hermione only frowned; she could hear Andromeda saying those very words in her head. There was no point in arguing with her, especially from a distance. "Fine, but who'll cook?" "It's none of your concern." "ButÑ" Hermione exhaled her need to know every detail in hopes that it would go away. Just for this. "Fine. That's fine. She's right. I am busy. I have interpretation work, research into this binding ingredient, and my actual work. I need to begin brewing next month's Wolfsbane and I don't have to controlÉ" She trailed off when she looked back at Malfoy, who was regarding her with an expression reserved for someone who was unhinged. She scowled at him. "You're judging me." "I am." A quirk of his jaw made him appear more stern. Malfoy proceeded to lay out his work for the evening and handed her two law books from the drawer. Hermione accepted them both, along with the parchment of translated text. It took several minutes of quiet work for her to realise that the expression on his face had been one of amusement. July 21, 2011 Andromeda had clearly spent the previous evening planning, thinking, and creating. It was all delivered to Hermione's house by an amused Ginny mid-afternoon. They unpacked everything together. Each time one had a question of whether something had been forgotten, the other pulled the missing item from the bag. Dinner consisted of Beef Bourguignon, baked Ratatouille, and spaghetti. "Who's the spaghetti for?" Hermione opened the container, smiling when she noticed the lack of one thing. "Scorpius. He doesn't eat meat." Malfoy must have told her. Ginny's brow rose. "Malfoy's bringing him?" "It made sense. Narcissa cancelled his afternoon lessons today. Daphne's coming and bringing Halia. Teddy's here, too. They're his cousins, after all." "I'll confess, I'm excited to meet him. Harry saidÑ" "Harry's met him?" Hermione looked at her sharply. "Yes, last week." InterestingÑno one had said a word about the encounter. "He went by Malfoy's for something for work and couldn't tell if he was being stared or glared at." "Probably both." She was amused by how awkward her best friend might have acted for Scorpius to stare so hard. "He does that to new people. Tonight is going to be interesting for him. I asked Malfoy to bring him by early to give him time to adjust." "You seem to have him figured out." Ginny gave her a knowing look that made Hermione arch her brow in response. "Nothing wrong with that, but you're very in tune with his needs." "I see him daily." "It's different and you know it." "I already told you, I'm attached." "And his father?" Ginny gave her a look that hinted at the restraint she wielded. She had far more questions than she was allowing herself to ask. "I think it's hard to attach yourself to one without connecting at all with the other." "That same logic could be applied to Narcissa, and while she's my patient and we're not clashing as hard as we used to, I'm not particularly attached to her." It wasn't exactly the truth and Ginny's glare told her she knew it. "You never answered my original questionÑ" They both stopped when they heard faint voices coming from her office Floo. It was the kids calling from Shell Cottage. Hermione returned to the kitchen while Ginny talked. Harry and Teddy were first to arrive and she sent them both to set the table. By the time it was her turn, everything was completely ready. She settled in front of the fireplace, waiting silently while the boys argued about who was going to talk to Aunt Hermione first. Lily, apparently, had wandered off. "Okay boys, James let Al go first." She could almost hear the older boy sulking. It was as loud as Al's victorious chant. "I miss you, Aunt 'Mione!" "I miss you, too, love." Hermione smiled. "Are you having fun?" "Yes, butÉ" He fell quiet and she heard the bashfulness in his voice when he spoke again. "I miss home and Scorp. Is he there?" "No, not yet, but I'll see if we can call next week." It would be a one way conversation, but maybe being in each other's presence would help ease the separation. "Okay!" That perked him right up but Albus had more questions. "And my marker? Is it still there? I went to see the trees with Uncle Bill and I wasn't scaredÑokay, maybe a little." "You didn't even go in the forest with us!" James tattled. "Almost though," Al argued stubbornly. "It's not your turn!" "No, it's not." Hermione watched the dancing flames. Al asking about his marker made her heart ache; she missed their Saturdays. The days alone were quieter than she would have liked. "And yes, Al, your flag is there still. When you come back, we'll go walking okay?" "Okay!" "James, your turn." There was an awkward pause. "Can I come walking, too?" The eldest Potter child exhibited an uncharacteristic shyness. He'd inherited his mother's brash nature, after all. "I won't make fun of Al." "Promise?" Al whispered. "Pinkie swear?" "I swear." Another quiet moment passed. "I miss home, too. The first thing I want to do is eat fruit and play with the chickens." "Me too! But also with Scorp. He's my best friend." "He's your only friend." "That's right!" Albus sounded so proud. "I only need one." The ensuing chatter and light arguing did nothing to ease the twinge in her chest. Hermione missed them terribly, and she found herself listening more than talking until Harry let her know that Andromeda had arrived. With a nod, Hermione told the boys she would talk to them later right about the time Bill's voice came through the fireplace to ask if they wanted to go swimming. It was something they enthusiastically agreed to, and they rushed off to change. Harry stayed behind to have a few words with his brother-in-law while Hermione went to change into something more suitable for dinner. The conservatory was always comfortably warm, thanks to charms, so she opted for a floral dress that fell just above her knees. Feminine but functional. Hermione was stepping into a pair of nude flats when there was a knock on her bedroom door. "Come in." It was Pansy, who wore a black and white striped dress. She took in Hermione's attire and frowned. "Please tell me you're going to wear heels." "I happen to be in my own house and I'm hosting. Unless you're here to help me wrestle my hair intoÑ" "You already know I am." She held up the Sleekeazy's. Pansy used quite a bit to force Hermione's curls into submission while grouching that Hermione needed to take mercy on her split ends and make time for a haircut. She might have had a point. It was beyond time. They both looked at her in the mirror of her newly finished bathroom. "My job is complete." Pansy glanced at her watch as she tucked her hair behind her ear, looking nervous for the first time in a while. "How do you think this will go?" "Now that everyone is here, I'm hoping for the best." Hermione started down the steps, Pansy at her side. "She hasn't seen her sister in decades. Dinner can go so many ways, but it's important that it happens and that everyone is willing. Honestly, I think we've gotten over the biggest hurdle and that wasÑ" Her words died when they reached the bottom landing and found the Malfoys standing in her living room. And while she quickly noted Narcissa's soft robes and the fact that Scorpius looked adorable in his bowtie, blue and white checkered shirt, and navy dress trousers, Hermione found her attention settled on the anomaly. Draco Malfoy. Everything about him was normal: his hair was parted as severely as usual, the Malfoy signet ring was on his right hand, and his glasses were on, likely to read the book he carried. Even his attire was typical: his shirt was black like every other shirt Hermione had ever seen him in. But that was where normality ended and the deviation began. And it was simple, really. His trousers matched his tie. Nothing incredibly memorable about thatÑexcept that they were both grey. Not black. And he lookedÑ "Narcissa! You look lovely!" Pansy crossed behind the sofa to greet her and Scorpius, and while Hermione was curious about those interactionsÑas she had never been in the same room with all three at onceÑthey might as well have faded into the background. Everything was upstaged by Malfoy. Her eyes lingered, searching, very much aware that she was under his scrutiny as well. No one in her entire life had ever looked at her like he was now. It made her step back, her heel coming into contact with the bottom step, but Hermione didn't fall. No, she approached, catching sight of Pansy ruffling Scorpius' hair in a familiar gesture, which made the little boy adorably scrunch his face. They were familiar, but not enough for him to seek her out. From the look of it, Scorpius didn't seem to know how to categorise her. "Granger." Her name from his mouth sounded like a statement, a greeting, and a question rolled into one. It seemed he could say nothing else. The quick moment of reprieve, while observing the humorous scene beside them, was gone the moment she attempted to pass. She attempted to maintain enough distance to prevent the familiar pull towards him, but she felt it anyway. "Malfoy." Ginny stepped into the room from the conservatory. "They're out in the garden." Pansy looked at Narcissa. "Are you ready?" Narcissa's face was blank when she nodded, and Hermione wondered if she showed her nerves the same way Malfoy did. But she didn't have time to dissect the similarities because the two linked arms and followed Ginny into the conservatory. Hermione quickly glanced back at Malfoy, who was looking down. What was heÑ She glanced down and found Scorpius peering up at her with wide eyes. He waved. "Hi there." If they had been alone, Scorpius would have smiled; instead, he keenly looked at his father, who was watching them closely. Malfoy cleared his throat and walked off. Hermione sat on the sofa and Scorpius stood in front of her, waiting until the doors shut behind his father before dimpling at her. She fixed the collar of his shirt and brushed his hair back into place. "Your dad wants to see you smile, too." His face transformed from pleased to thoughtful to nervous, the corners of his mouth forming a frown so quickly that Hermione pressed her finger to his nose to stop whatever was going through his head from taking root. "Boop." He grinned so hard his eyes closed. "We're going to have dinner. Do you remember the sign for dinner?" Of course, he did. "Excellent." Hermione beamed. "And there are going to be people here." His features morphed into something close to concern. "I'll be here. You know that, right?" He nodded. "Your aunt Daphne's coming and she's bringing Halia. You'll get to meet your cousin Teddy, too. He's nice. His hair changes colours." Scorpius looked cautiously excited. Hermione offered her hand to the silent boy. A few months ago, he wouldn't have accepted it, but today there was trust rather than hesitation, belief where suspicion had once lived. His hand wasn't clammy anymore, and he walked beside her rather than slightly behind. Hermione had a moment of understanding that wherever she went, Scorpius would follow. And the reverse was just as true. Ginny silently stood next to Malfoy at the window as they watched the scene outside. The sun that was out, no clouds in sight. It was perfect for a reunion, the right light needed to reconnect broken pieces of a dying family. There was no shame in it. No pride. When Andromeda, who stood between Teddy and Harry, laid eyes on her sister, she moved on her own. Narcissa did, too, letting her hand slip from Pansy's arm. They met in the middle. No words were traded, just affection in the form of an embrace. Connection. It was beautiful to witness. All broken things could be fixed with care, time, and patience, but sometimes it took help. Movement caught her attention, a hand tightening its hold on hers in the same way he held onto her cardigan every morning. Hermione held her breath when she spotted Scorpius tentatively, bravely reaching for his father's hand to make a connection of his own. One he had tried to make the last night but lost his nerve. Malfoy looked at her first then down at Scorpius. He didn't startle when a little hand wrapped around two of his fingers. He didn't even flinch. He just held on and inhaled. Exhaled. Hermione watched his eyes shut as the shoulders that silently carried too much weight sagged. It was something wordless that knew no bounds. Relief. Hermione had a shadow named Scorpius Malfoy. In truth, he was more like a baby duckling trailing after her from room to room, from one end of the kitchen to the other, always a careful distance away so she didn't bump into him. Not that she ever would. Hermione was keenly aware of his presence with every step she took. Every move. Always willing to help, Scorpius managed to leave her side long enough to bring things like napkins to Pansy so she could finish setting up the table while Harry and Teddy remained outside with the Black sisters. He came back with a blush staining his cheeks and his hair in disarray from Pansy's teasing. He looked so flustered that Hermione stopped to fix it. She got it as close to normal as possible. "Better?" From the island, his father and Ginny watched the entire routine. When Pansy came in to start bringing plated food out to the table, Scorpius got behind Hermione, peeking at the laughing witch. Ginny rolled her eyes and with a snap of her fingers, Pansy's laughter was silenced. Which made her so comically irate that Scorpius laughed. Out loud. And while Malfoy stared at his son as if he'd never seen him before, Ginny winked at Scorpius, who covered his face and burrowed into Hermione's side. The redhead looked ready to audibly coo at him, but she refrainedÑonly just. When they were gone with the main dishes, leaving the sides for return trips, she rested an affectionate hand on his head. "Would you like to sit with your dad? You've been such an excellent helper." He peered over at Malfoy, who pretended to read his book, then up at her, nodding shyly. He ended up on the stool next to his father, blatantly staring at him, much like he had at breakfast or anytime she'd come across them in Malfoy's office. Now, though, his head barely crested over the island, looking so much smaller next to his father. The sight made Hermione smile into her fist behind a delicate cough that caused Malfoy to glance up from his book, eyebrow raised over the rim of his glasses. "He wants to know what you're reading," Hermione said. "That's why he stares at you like that." "He's notÑ" Malfoy frowned, then glanced over and seemed quite surprised to find Scorpius watching him with quiet curiosity. "Oh." Awkwardly, he showed his son the cover of the book. "It's about a hobbit." Merlin. Their saving grace was in the form of Daphne and Dean, whose arrival ended the strange moment. "Sorry we're late." Dean had Halia cradled against his chest, fast asleep. "You're not. Theo's not here yet." "How did it go?" Daphne's question alerted Scorpius to her presence, and he turned towards her, peeling his eyes away from the cover of his father's book. Hermione didn't answer. From the way Daphne's attention zeroed in on her nephew, it was doubtful that she would have heard anything Hermione had said anyway. "Hi." It hurt how cautious she seemed around him, but before tonight Hermione had never seen the two in the same room together. The only thing she knew was that Scorpius hadn't looked at her much since his mother died. But that wasn't the case today. Scorpius couldn't stop staring. Distracted so completely, he nearly slid off the stool. It was his dad's quick hands that helped him ease down. Hermione walked around the island, coming up to Malfoy's side, as he'd completely turned on his stool. Together they watched Scorpius tentatively cross the room to where his aunt sat on the sofa. He stood in front of her, scanning her face as if committing it to memory. Daphne looked close to tears when he hugged her, tucking his face into her neck while he played with the ends of her hair. The act settled something in him. "The hairÉ why does he do that?" She and Malfoy were just out of earshot, but not by much. Thoughts of the last time he'd touched her hair were fresh on her mind. She had to know. "He used to hug his mother like that." Hermione looked at the man watching the sight with an unreadable expression before glancing back and taking an unconscious step forward. Malfoy grabbed her wrist. Not hard, just firm. His hand was warm against her skin. Hermione peered down, then back at him. But he didn't let go. They heard Daphne's sniffle, followed by a choked sob that echoed throughout the room. "DoesÉ does she look like Astoria? Is that why he couldn't lookÑ" "Yes." Another reminder of the pain in knowledge, but confirmation was brutal. Malfoy released her wrist and reached into his pocket, producing a handkerchief that he pressed into her open hands. One second. Two. Three passed before he let go and left her feeling as warm as his hands. She gave Scorpius and Daphne time and space before joining them, laying a gentle hand on each of their backs. Scorpius was the first to lift his head, and he stared at his aunt with the same concern he showed the cactus. Hermione offered him the handkerchief and looked on as he dried Daphne's eyes. Empathy at its finest. Daphne seemed caught between a peculiar combination of humour and sadness, which made her emit a choked, chuckling sob. "I love you so much." Touching her nephew's face, the devotion in her voice was unmistakable. And though Scorpius wasn't ready to speak, he looked at Hermione. His eyes were brimming with emotion he didn't know the signs to express, but she already knew, and she translated his feelings for him. "He loves you, too." Dinner was an odd mix of pieces of Hermione's lifeÑwork and homeÑthat hadn't been combined before; an experiment that hadn't turned out too bad. Most everyone knew each other and were friendly. The outliers were the Malfoys, which added a layer of tension that hadn't been there before. Not all bad. JustÉ different. Narcissa was speaking to her sister exclusively; the two caught up quietly at the end of the table and the natural ease made it look as though they'd never been apart. Every now and then, one would laugh. Narcissa was in a good mood, excellent even. She showed interest in Teddy, who still wasn't sure what to make of his great-aunt, and complimented Ginny's dress. She and Dean even nodded politely in each other's direction. And when she asked to hold Halia, Daphne only hesitated for a minute before agreeing. It was progress where none had been expected. Another source of tension had been Malfoy, who knew everyone at the table, but spoke twenty words combined to the group from his spot to her left. He and Harry had a quick conversation about a safe topic Hermione hadn't listened to. He also spoke to Theo. And when Teddy started expressing his fascination with Malfoy's job, he answered the teenager's questions. And while Malfoy was in tune with his surroundings, he mainly watched Scorpius who was comically fascinated by his cousin's rapid hair colour change. Hermione had never seen him so overwhelmed by the presence of so many people at once. But he seemed almostÉ content. Scorpius was the centre of attention, and it had stained his cheeks a vibrant red that was visible from her spot across the table. They certainly hadn't come for him, but everyone was intrigued. More than once Hermione had caught someoneÑGinny mainlyÑglancing between father and son like the fact that they were related made zero sense. Perhaps it wouldn't to her because Scorpius had taken an instant liking to Ginny in the ways he hadn't with Hermione. Where Hermione had worked to earn his trust, he seemed to have freely given it to Ginny. Perhaps it was the maternal way she handled him that set him at ease. With her children gone, Ginny needed someone to mother, and Scorpius needed mothering. Symbiotic. It worked well during the meal because Scorpius could barely keep his eyes off Teddy's hair long enough to take a bite without spilling spaghetti on his clothes. Somehow, Ginny had gotten him to eatÑDaphne's coaxing and a few sneaking glances across the table at Hermione had surely helped. When the plates were cleared, Teddy all but dragged a confused Scorpius towards the door that led into the house since he'd already said no to seeing the chickens. Not without Albus. "Teddy!" Andromeda called before he could make it to the door with the bewildered five.year-old. "Yes?" He grinned too brightly, hair flashing pink before settling into something closer to orange. "Did you ask him if he wanted to go?" "No?" He looked down at Scorpius, whose hand was still in his grip. Scorpius stood a bit rigidly, but overall didn't seem anxious. In fact, he seemed mostly fascinated at being included. "Do you want to see the stream out front?" In lieu of an answer, he let go of Teddy's hand and approached Hermione, bringing everyone's focus to her. Leaning in with her elbows on her thighs, Hermione tilted her head, giving him a smile as if the room full of people weren't watching. Like his father wasn't right there, too. "Hi there." Scorpius had a smudge of sauce on the corner of his mouth Ginny had missed, but she got it with her own napkin in a move that made him scrunch his nose. It took several moments of him staring at her, then back at Teddy, who was waiting by the door, but she realised he sought permission. She hadn't taught him how to ask yet. They would get there. "Ask your dad." She gave him a little push towards Malfoy, who looked like he was still trying to solve a complicated Arithmancy problem. What she wanted to tell him right then was that being a parent wasn't only about biology. It was a bonus, yes, and strictly by coincidence. What really mattered was something Malfoy had been doing for a long time. Providing security. A life. Basic needs. The rest he would need to work on. Stepping up and being there for Scorpius. Teaching him things. Tending to his emotional needs. Being present. Malfoy would figure it out now that he had made it a priority to learn. But first, he needed help understanding Scorpius' language. "He wants to know if he can go." Malfoy looked at his mother, who was at the far end of the conservatory talking with Andromeda. Then, he looked to Hermione, who made it perfectly clear he would be making the call. Not anyone else. Not that it mattered. Scorpius was blinking at him hopefully. He couldn't resist. "Of course." Malfoy gave Teddy a look. "I'll come with." Big eyes from Scorpius brought her along as well. It was just after six and light enough for them to see clearly. They walked upstream to a shallower part not too far from the house, and still well within her wards. Scorpius and Teddy walked ahead of them, the former looking over his shoulder a lotÑjust to be sure. It was nearly calf deep water that Teddy stepped into while Scorpius watched his father transfigure his tie into a blanket. When Malfoy laid it out against the edge of the stream, Scorpius sat down. He wasn't keen on getting dirty. Scorpius showed his appreciation in a look at his father's retreating back that only Hermione caught. It was close to sunset. She and Malfoy were side by side as Teddy picked up various rocks, moss, and even a tiny fish he scooped up to show the wide-eyed little boy. Despite Malfoy's presence, a silent figure at her side, the scene before themÑthe sounds of the stream and nature itselfÑlulled her into a sense of calm she often felt out here. "It's almost pointless to have a stream this small." "I don't tell nature what to do." Hermione inhaled a breath of fresh air. "Nature will never listen. But I like this stream. It's a natural boundary and I like the ambiance. This stream connects to a larger one about six kilometres away, so not exactly pointless." "Who set up your wards?" "I did with help." "It's a large ward." He looked around, seeming to remember her last comments about how it stretched into the forest. "Have you had anyone check them for weaknesses?" "I've made adjustments and updates based on what I've learned along the way. I test them regularly." Malfoy nodded. "They still need to be examined by someone that isn't you. Someone who will test them properly and won't hold back." "Are you volunteering?" "Are you asking?" The moment lingered then passed as something caught Malfoy's attention. Hermione turned as well to see Teddy walking towards them while Scorpius made his way to the house, passing them by with an extremely bashful look on his face that tickled Hermione's curiosity. She watched until the door shut behind Scorpius before turning back to Teddy, who was offering the transfigured blanket. "Did you want to stay longer?" Hermione asked. "No, the water was cold. Scorpius said he was tired, so he went insideÑ" Everything stopped. "I'm sorry what?" The question came from Malfoy. Hermione was speechless. Scorpius said? His tone made Teddy's hair start changing rapidly, mouth stuck in a frown. "HeÉ" The teenager chewed on his fingernail, eyeing Hermione like he knew the fact that his little cousin had spoken to him was a very significant thing and didn't want to get the details wrong. "I thought you said he didn't talk." Hermione was truly flummoxed and would have had more questions had they not been distracted by the distant sound of an explosionÉ and the Dark Mark that roared to life in the sky above them. We can weather anything if we stay calm in the eye of the storm. Lolly Daskal Chapter End Notes A/N: First, thanks for all the love in reviews. I seriously can't thank you all enough for your support. Second, happy Friday to my domestic sexual tension and intimacy tags. Hope you all enjoyed the chapter. I did have a few questions about chapter length and the chapters are long because there's a lot of story to tell and if they were cut in half it would take an eternity to tell it and the pacing would be even slower. I encourage everyone to read at their own pace and comfort level as this is a marathon not a sprint. Now that there are two weeks between updates, there's truly no rush. Also Covid recovery is going great, I'm nearly back at 100%. Til next time! Art for this chapter: Draco Malfoy & Hermione Granger "The Ring Scene" by ectoheart & Daphne & Scorpius Hug by bookloverdream-blessedindeed & Teddy Lupin by bookloverdream.blessedindeed & Hermione Reading Winnie The Pooh To Scorpius by Ayaka Arts Chapter 22:Sky FullOfStars Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Twenty Two Sky Full of Stars July 21, 2011 Deafening. Eerie. The aftermath was silent Time slowed to a crawl. Everything insignificant blurred as her mind filled the seconds between with observations. Scorpius was inside. Malfoy was next to her. Teddy. Before Hermione could reach for the latter, who had covered his ears and raised his head to stare at the Dark Mark, there was another noise that made him step into her. Distance did little to dampen the soundÑlike a cannon breaking down the entrance to a fortressÑand it didn't stop Hermione's heart from thundering in her chest or her ears from ringing. The instinct to run towards the danger was only stopped by the boy in front of her and the hand on her wrist. Godric's Hollow's first distress beams raced into the sky, scattering far and wide, before fading. And thenÉ There was ominous silence layered under a soundÉ Voices that hadn't been there before. People. Two figures appeared beyond her diversion wards; masked and cloaked in black, the tips of their wands pulsed white. Then, a second set arrived, wands already drawn. Hermione itched to react, but Malfoy's grip tightened in a command that needed no words. Don't. She relaxed and wrestled with her impulse to charge. "Trust your wards." Malfoy was right. Hermione exhaled and loosened her grip around the wand she'd instinctively drawn from the pocket of her dress. The figures started searching for something she knew they would eventually find. She worried they might have already found it when one stopped, appearing to look right at them. The ward. One of them tilted their masked head and stepped closer. From where she stood Hermione could see their grip on their wand just as tight as hers. But they tripped the distraction ward instead and it flared to life. "All clear." He turned and started towards the others; each movement was unnatural and jerky. "Nothing here. Let's go." "No." The figure that snarled looked like the leader. "The tracker's been bringing us here for weeks." Weeks. "Just send him here to look for himself if he's that desperate." Him. Panic rose like bile; thick and acidic, it burned in her throat. Her tongue was stuck to the roof of her mouth as she looked to Malfoy, catching the precise moment that waiting them out was no longer a viable option. They had to act. He dropped her hand and drew his wand, bringing his finger to his lips. She nodded. Wards were powerful and constructed with advanced spells, but they were still subject to the universal rules of magic. With enough power, they could be built or torn down. Strong but not perfect. The imperfection in hers? They weren't soundproof. With her cottage far off the main road, there hadn't been a need. The only people who could see her home were those who knew exactly where it was located. Those who belonged. Those that didn't could only see if they were close enough to hear that something was there. "MaybeÉ" As the other three began closing in on where their cohort had been, careful steps closer and closer, Hermione's confidence waned. Her wards could handle being exposed, sure, but an all-out attack? She didn't want to find out. A second distress signal shot up from Godric's Hollow. Electric anticipation accompanied the uptick in the wind. It was ominous beyond any words she could express. She turned Teddy's head away from the men and forced him to look at her and only her; his rapidly changing hair colours showed his peaking distress. Closer and closer they approached untilÑ Another distant explosion distracted them. Malfoy covered Teddy's mouth before he could gaspÑa human noise where none should have been. He hushed the teenager with a universal gesture until the boy nodded. Hermione offered the first plan: Teddy to the house while they both dispatched the intruders. It was instantly rejected. Malfoy pointed at the two of them, then the house, mouthing one word: Go. Hermione opened her mouth. She was more than capable of fighting, but Malfoy's dangerous look left no room for argument. Not that she had time. The next blast forced them all to move, timed perfectly with the next set of actions. Her front door opened, Harry appeared, and Hermione pushed Teddy in his direction. A hand on her back propelled her forward as well, and a split-second stern glare made her comply. Teddy made it to Harry and Hermione was almost to the door when there was soft pop followed by a deep, distant rumble that felt and sounded like an earthquake. It was then that she noticed Malfoy wasn't behind her. But it didn't take much to find him. In theory, Hermione knew that he had been an Auror in France. She knew that he had been trained to fight effectively. Stealth. Charms. Defence. Malfoy had the skills to handle himself and must have been successful to have made it as far in his career as he had. But knowing he was capable was far different than seeing him in action. Malfoy was strong and confident to the point of arrogance, intelligent and calm enough during a high-stress situation to make prudent decisions andÑwell, it was quite the visual. It was enough for Hermione to stop and watch as he made short work of the intruders. He appeared behind them with a crack loud enough to draw their attention, using their moment of distraction against them with a fluid yet brutal effectiveness. One spell threw them at her wards, which rebounded them. They landed in a messy heap of limbs that made the Healer in her wince. A quick turn and a second spell aimed at the last one, who was still dazed after his interaction with her distraction wards, and it was all taken care of. Malfoy straightened his tie, ran a smooth hand down his shirt, and summoned all their wands in one go. Hermione blinked twice, swallowing around the forming lump in her throat. Harry Apparated to his side, and she looked back at the doorway where Teddy remained alone, hair changing at a slower rate. Well. She hadn't heard him Disapparate. Malfoy handed Harry the collected wands as the two started talking, likely detailing what had transpired. Hawthorn still pointed, Malfoy used his foot to roll over the first unconscious body with a disregard that made it obvious how little he cared about being gentle. Further proof came in the form of him stunning the intruder who started moving without so much as blinking twice. Then the other three earned stunners, too. Just to be safe. Harry grimaced but ultimately appeared wholly unsurprised by Malfoy's methodical ferocity. Hermione was watching them so hard she nearly forgot about Teddy until he reminded her. "Did you see that?" At her sharp look, he immediately looked sheepish. "I can talk now, right?" "I did and yes you can." Tucking a bit of fringe behind her ear, Hermione shook off the strange feeling that tried to creep up. "TeddyÑ" They both heard his name being called by his grandmother and he tore off back into the house. He was gone no more than a second before Theo and Pansy emerged, wands in hand. Pansy eyed her from feet to crown with a dark, arching brow. "I see you're unharmed." "I am. Everything is fine exceptÉ" Hermione pointed at the Dark Mark then at Harry and Malfoy as they received a Patronus that caused them to exchange grimaces. Adrenaline began to recede and her mind started to clear, returning one last thing to focus. "ScorpiusÑ" "Is in the living room." Theo raised a hand between them. "He's fine. A bit jumpy. Daphne had to stop him from going back outside, so she's distracting him with a plant book from your conservatory." Hermione exhaled her relief. "I've already called for everyone on emergency duty." Theo frowned up at the Dark Mark. "That would normally include you, Hermione, but that wouldn't be prudent." Her agreement was interrupted when robed figures started appearing around Harry and Malfoy. All thankfully bore Ministry robes. Navy, not Auror black. The French Task Force automatically deferred to Malfoy. Hermione watched him give instructionÑlikely in French, given the blankness on Harry's face that clearly meant he didn't understand. He lifted his head with an air of authority; his face looked as crisp as the hand movements that accentuated his words. It was clear there was no room for questions, only confirmation that they would execute his directives. When Malfoy finished dictating, the team went about securing the unconscious intruders with Incarcerous spells and left with them soon after. Once alone, the two checked their perimeter and returned inside her wards with barely audible pops. Harry looked a bit pressed, but Malfoy appeared as composed as ever. "We haveÑ" "To handle that?" Pansy pointed at the sky. "Obviously, Potter." To Malfoy, she gave a meaningful look. "Let someone know when you're home." And that was it. "I've already called in every emergency personnel," Theo said to them both. "The hospital is ready to accept injured people. Anything further needed from St. Mungo'sÑ" "We already had teams on guard duty when the explosions started and they called in support. Malfoy and I just received the initial reports from the French Task Force." "And?" Hermione wrung her hands in a show of nervous worry about the village she'd visited multiple times. All those people. "We heard multiple explosionsÑ" "Bombs were set all over the village. Mostly decoys to cause chaos and panic, but the last one was detonated in the building where the village leaders were meeting. That one was laced with poison." That drew Theo's attention. "Powder form." Theo swallowed as he nodded. "Malfoy's French team was there and quickly sealed off the building with everyone inside so Ñ" "I'll get the Poisons Team mobilised and decontamination stations set up. Do you think any of it got into the air?" "I certainly hope not. We're going to canvas to make sure no Death Eaters are still in the village and there will likely be a briefing after." Harry wearily ran a hand through his hair. "Let me go tell Ginny." Harry excused himself as Theo stepped off to the side to send a Patronus. His lynx sprang forth in a wispy cloud that he spoke to. Pansy's eyes went back to the sky. And once again Malfoy was out of sight. "Granger." Names were powerful, and the way he said hers made her stomach twist into a tight knot beneath her ribcage. Hermione couldn't take a deep breath without feeling something pressing its way in. Or trying to. And not for the first time. Her body was as stubborn as her mind. It was a battle she was beginning to lose as the lie in her truth began shifting her focus. That knot she called unknown. Or nothing. Hermione knew damn well what it was. When Malfoy said her name again, his voice was lower. Closer. Hermione went from watching Theo, dumbly glancing at Pansy, to swivelling around to Malfoy, who stood just behind her. How she hadn't felt his presence was a mystery. He was close enough that she could fall into him. "What is it?" "IsÑ" "He's inside with Daphne." Hermione blew out a breath. "Anxious but safe." When Malfoy looked to the doorway, jaw clenched the same way it had been in the picture on his desk, Hermione didn't know what to do with her hands so she brought them together. "I'll talk to him." She knew there wasn't much time and there was no telling how Scorpius would react to him leaving. Malfoy nodded and after a beat of silence. "Your wards are sufficient enough." Hermione had figured as much when he'd rebounded three intruders off of them. "Furthermore, none of my team members saw your home. I still believe they need to be tested, as there are Death Eaters tracking near the edge of your boundaries. My guess is they're following any remnant traces of Mathers' blood. Given his message to you and what happened to Potter's house after that, I won't state the obvious about the interest in you." "I'm not moving, Malfoy. This house meansÑ" "Of course not," he interjected before Hermione could launch into what would likely be a passionate tirade. The irritation in his tone was plainly written on his face. "I doubt anyone here could force you out, but stubbornness alone won't keep incidents like this from happening. I can assist, but only if you don't fight me every step of the way." There were at least three retorts ripe and ready to roll off the tip of her tongue, but she slowed down enough to listen and look at the man speaking to her. Hadn't she made a similar offer to him not long ago? Yes, she had, on a different but equally as important topic. He was returning the favour and that settled her hackles. "Fine, but no security detail." Hermione put her foot down on that. "IÑ" "Are you finished?" It wasn't his question that made her freeze, but the deliberate way he'd asked it. The way he slightly leaned to exaggerate their difference in height. His challenging expression and hands he'd slipped into his pockets. The picture of perturbed ease. "I suppose I am." After shifting to loosen the tension of the day, Hermione tried not to fidget. Malfoy's eyes cut above hers, mouth slipping and settling into a firm line at whatever he saw. She didn't turn and he changed the subject, becoming more official. "We're sending a team to canvas the area and stationing guards outside of your wards. I would advise you to move the location of this event." Malfoy toyed with his silver cufflink. "My mother will likely volunteer our home for the new venue." "Of course." That made perfect sense. "IÑ" "Will you stay with them until I return?" There was intensity in his expression that told Hermione this was more potent than a request. This was him tapping into the piece of himself he had given her last month with the kettle he'd left on. Trust. She knew this wasn't easy for him. "I will." She looked down, feeling strangely restless while attempting to decode and analyse their interaction. The earth had no answers so Hermione looked to the sky. The Dark Mark had faded like a bad memory, showing that the Aurors and Task Force had control of the situation. But then Hermione found herself right back at the start. Back to grey eyes that were narrowed with a blend of questions and scrutiny. "BeÑ" Whatever she was about to sayÑtruth be told, Hermione didn't know herselfÑdied in her throat when Harry returned. "Ready?" Malfoy's eyes were still on her. "Yes." And then they were both gone. Hermione exhaled as she turned and froze. There were two people watching her. Theo's expression was strategically blank. She didn't like that at all. And PansyÉ well, Pansy never had been timid. Her expression was pleasant, friendly even, but the glint in her eyes promised an ambush. Not today. Not tomorrow. Maybe someday in the future. Hermione hoped Pansy would bring something stronger than wine when that day came. They would need it. Pansy went back inside, leaving her and Theo alone. The atmosphere around them had settled from the earlier chaos, and peace had reclaimed its control over the area. For now. Hermione took one last look before going inside. Theo followed, shutting the door behind him. Voices carried from the living room, likely about moving the party. Hermione, meanwhile, was making a list of things she needed to do before locking down. Soundproofing the chickens had already been a priority before the guests had arrived. Food and water for them were her primary concerns. The rest could wait. "What did Draco say to you?" "He asked me to stay with Narcissa and Scorpius. Simple as that." Theo's expression gave away even less than his words. "Is it really?" A spark of annoyance died just as it began to flare. Scorpius peeked around the corner, which turned her frown into an earnest smile. Hermione extended her hand, every bit the invitation it was intended to be, a lifeline offered with fluid ease. Scorpius was at her side in mere seconds, accepting it while looking all around her much like he'd searched for the missing letter. Right. Hermione led him away from the chatter in the living room and into her office. Theo remained in the doorway while she took a seat, half expecting him to explore, but Scorpius never left her side, biting his bottom lip and showing the apprehension he never had to hide. At least, not with her. Still, she stopped breathing when he opened his mouth, only exhaling when Scorpius seemed to change his mind, signing one word. Father. Just as she thought. "Your dad is fine." Hermione straightened his bowtie and tied his shoes, which looked ready to come undone. When she finished, she rested her hands on her knees. "He went to help withÉ" "The loud noises," Theo supplied from the door. They both turned to him then back to each other. "Yes, exactly that." Worry etched itself in his brows and he signed a few words that gave her an idea of what he was feeling. Loud. Scared. Father. He signed a few colours, which had to mean Teddy, something that ordinarily would have made her chuckle, but she couldn't laugh when Scorpius appeared stressed. He couldn't figure out how to translate his next concern and was clearly getting frustrated, judging from the colour beginning to bloom on his cheeks. He settled on pointing at her and Hermione just knew. She guided him closer. "I'm fine, see?" She held out her arms. "Not a mark. We're all fine. Did you see Teddy?" He nodded, still flustered. "I know. It really was loud. Did you cover your ears?" Scorpius bobbed his fist. Yes. "Teddy did, too. I'm glad you were inside when the noise started." She couldn't imagine Scorpius seeing the Dark Mark. Just the thought of it made her shudder. To address his other sign, Hermione took his hands again. "You know, it's okay to be scared. I was scared. There are other scared people, too, so your dad and Harry went to make sure everyone is safe." She smoothed her thumbs over his brow, flattening the lines that spoke of his concern much louder than he could express at that present moment. "He asked me to stay with you until he comes back." That brightened his spirits slightly but his smile didn't reach his eyes. "We can read more of Winnie the Pooh before Catherine tucks you in for the night." Scorpius looked away, towards the door where Theo remained, but he came back with a bashful yet hopeful request. You. Hermione couldn't say no. The Malfoy home, with its clean lines and neutral tones, was still devoid of ornamentation, still a furnished dwelling that lacked anything people imbued with sentiment. Actually. No. That wasn't completely true. Not anymore. Signs of life had been there for weeks, but tonight Hermione saw how the addition of people further changed the feel of the room. Where there had been a chill, now there was warmth. Conversation took the place silence had once held firm in its grasp. Still stilted in some moments, but fluid in others. Friction and strife were fading, making way for the thin cords of reconciliation to form. Harmony. Reconnection. Rebirth. It was quite a sight to witness and an energy to feel. The remaining guests were arranged in the living room. The two sisters sat in the middle of Pansy and Daphne, who were on opposite sides of the sofa looking on. Theo had a chair and Hermione took the armchair. Dean had taken Halia home when she started to get fussy and Ginny had gone to Ron's. He would keep her company while she waited for Harry to return. Hermione wouldn't be surprised if Percy or George found their way over to wait with them. It was the Weasley way. Conversation was as scattered as Hermione's thoughts. From Narcissa's right, Pansy listened to the stories the sisters exchanged about the lighter points of their childhood, both content in a way Hermione had never seen in either woman before. Daphne seemed torn between listening, keeping an eye on Scorpius, and talking to Theo, but Andromeda's understanding hand on her knee kept her grounded. She knew how difficult tonight was for her, understood, and appreciated her presence. It was evidence of the shades of grey that needed to be sorted. One night wouldn't be enough to heal every wound. One dinner wouldn't be enough to pick out the debris and clear the clutter, but today was about reconnection and acknowledgement. That work could start tomorrow. But, for now, Scorpius didn't sit still. He proudly showed off the cactus, his expression only turning defensive when Theo appeared too thoughtful about its presence and didn't immediately say hello like everyone else. From there, he vacillated between making sure his dad hadn't arrived, watching in fascination as his cousin tried changing his nose into various animal snouts, and showing his favourite books to Daphne. The first of which was a children's dictionary. Its appearance made Theo hide a smile that caused Scorpius to squint suspiciously, but then he reassured his godson that he wasn't teasing. It earned him an tentative offer to look at the prized possession. Theo accepted, looking surprised by the boy who had been forced to take his hand not too long ago. Hermione smiled as the two studied the other for a long, blinking moment, highly amused that the unflappable, omniscient Theo had been temporarily discombobulated by a five-year-oldÉ After finishing with the dictionary, Scorpius joined Teddy at the coffee table on his knees where he showed his older cousin how the drawing parchment worked. Albus had already drawn a picture, if Teddy's laugh meant anything. When Scorpius offered his cousin a marker to draw back, Hermione looked up to find a few sets of curious eyes on her. She excused herself to the kitchen for a glass of wine. It was a decent enough idea after such an eventful day. Theo appeared just as she poured herself a glass. She already knew a conversation was about to happen and decided to pour him one as well. Easy silence was broken in record time. "I suppose we owe the success of tonight to you." "I just provided the space." Stretching her neck from side to side, Hermione rolled her shoulders, showing the first signs of tiredness. "They did the rest." "You have a tendency to downplay your role in things." Theo leaned back on the counter. "For example, I could say that Scorpius has changed drastically, even in just the last month, and you would sayÑ" "It's not just my doing. I justÑ" "Care about him. I know. You're even willing to fight for him." Hermione tensed, but maintained a calm expression under his observation. Of course, she had several questions about how he'd found out, and for once in his life, Theo offered information. She doubted it was free. Nothing ever was when he was scheming. Like now. "Draco unintentionally hinted at it a few days ago." Theo sipped his wine, his face scrunching in distaste before he swallowed and sat the glass down like it was offensive. "How?" "In conversation." Theo's sarcasm was almost as annoying as his silence. "You managed a feat I thought impossible as Draco clings to perceived detachment. I've not seen him soÉ" He trailed off while eyeing the second bottle to decide if he wanted to try that instead. "So what?" Hermione was nothing if not incurably curious. "How are things now?" Of course he didn't answer her question, leading the conversation down another track. "Better, I imagine, since you two seemÉ unified." She dissected his word choice and didn't like what she found in the implication. "I suppose we are considering we've formed something of an alliance." "An alliance?" Theo's tone was calm in a lecturing sort of way. "Those are usually created to forge a bond and/or work together to serve each side's interests. What are your mutual interests?" "Obviously both Narcissa and Scorpius, mutually and individually. He'sÉ helping. He's stepping in." "I've been trying to get him to do this since they moved back to England, but he's always continued on in the same manner he handles all of his matters. Yet you've managed to change it after one argument." Theo settled on the wine he wanted and uncorked it with ease before he set it down to let the wine breathe. "What did you say to him?" "Things I'll never repeat. Things I've apologised for because I spoke without fully understanding." Hermione glanced at Scorpius, who was watching Teddy draw. There was a familiar intrigue and shrewdness she saw when he was learning new things. "I have some regrets, but not many." Andromeda and Narcissa were looking on as well. The former wore a soft smile while the latter's attention was split between the drawing and Scorpius, who was holding every marker like the good little assistant he was. His keen eyes were softening as the picture took form, a growing smile replacing his look of concentration, but when he caught his grandmother looking, he instantly shut down. Sat straighter. Stiffened. Hermione forgot about Theo's presence as she tried to catch Scorpius' eye, but it didn't work. "That's vaguely similar to the answer I got from him." "What?" She was distracted. "Oh, well MalfoyÑ" "I find it amusing that you both continue to refer to the other by your surnames." "Force of habit that I understand no more than I understand him." She left Theo's side and went to sit on the stool on the other side of the island. Theo glanced at his watch. His wine needed more time to breathe so he joined her, taking another stool to continue their conversation. Teddy glanced over at his cousin and turned his hair the exact shade of green as the cactus which perked Scorpius up a bit but not enough to relax her. "Understanding someoneÑ" "Are we about to have another one of your cryptic dichotomy of man conversations?" Hermione sighed then shook her head, trying to clear the agitation that was beginning to swell in her veins. "Do you want this to be that sort of discussion?" Theo gave her an exploratory look she didn't appreciate at all. "If we were, I would say that you believe you don't understand Draco when, in certain ways, you seem to have a better grasp of him than even I do." "I doubt that." "To understand someone is to know their nature, and to know their nature is to see the parts of them that mean the most. See into their heart." Her stomach twisted uncomfortably. She had seen the shape of Malfoy's heart once. It was both tattooed on his arm and placed in her care tonight. Suddenly Hermione was no longer thirsty, despite her mouth being dry. They observed the scene in the living room in ritualistic silence. Teddy, who appeared to be concentrating hard enough for his hair to settle into turquoise, finished his drawing, looking proud. Scorpius seemed okay enough, if a little muted. Daphne had even started to notice, a frown forming. He scanned the room until he found her and Hermione turned fully to sign a question she'd taught him early on. Are you okay? Scorpius raised his fist. Yes. A part of her didn't believe him. Just a twinge of that disbelief made her try again, even though Narcissa had picked up on their little conversation. Andromeda as well. Hermione ignored all the eyes and brought her curved fingers to her chest to pat twice. Nervous? Yes. She had an idea about why but didn't press because he signed another word that made Hermione glance at her watch and take notice of the hour. Tired. Catherine's timing was impeccable. She came down the stairs, but was flummoxed to see more people than expected. As a nanny, she was used to being in the background and was apologetic about her interruption. She remained closer to the cactus than she was to the group. "It's time for Scorpius' bath and then bedtime." "Ah." Narcissa checked the time as well. "So it is. Scorpius, it is time to say good night." Obediently, he got to his feet. As he wished each person a good night, it was clear Scorpius was operating based on set expectations. Scorpius waved at Teddy, who turned his hair navy like the night sky. He was as polite with a charmed Andromeda as he would have been with any adult, skirted around Pansy's teasing, and bowed politely to his grandmother in a way that made Hermione tense with memories. Daphne tensed too until Scorpius left Narcissa' side and stood in front of her; his eyes were fixed on her, much like earlier. They hugged and counted the days until their next visit. Hermione's emotions swelled, and she blinked back tears. When he finished saying good night to his aunt, Scorpius looked at Catherine, who nodded and smiled, before he approached Hermione and Theo. Day by day, Catherine's understanding of him was improving. It was endearing to witness, comforting, even, that he had another ally, one willing to learn and change and grow. "How are you?" Hermione asked. "Fine, Miss Granger." She seemed surprised by the question. "I didn't realise there were people here. I would have waited, but he has lessons in the morning." "You're fine," Hermione assured her with a smile. "He's tired after an eventful day. Your timing couldn't be better." Catherine looked relieved and they both glanced over to Scorpius and Theo, who were once again staring at each other. He didn't seem to know what his godfather expected of him, but he was saved from the silence when Theo spoke up. "Good night, Scorpius." He signed it back in return. Theo appeared to be committing the action to memory, his eyes following the little boy as he returned to his nanny's side after sneaking Hermione a shy look. "Don't you want to say good night to Miss Granger?" "Oh, it's fine. I promised to read him a bedtime story." She would say her good night to him then. "How long does it take to get him ready for bed?" "Half hour, at least." "Okay, just come get me and I'll grab the book from his father's office." Conversation never resumed after the two went upstairs. Daphne left, citing Halia's feeding time. Everyone saw her off, and Hermione quietly noted that the parting look between her and Narcissa wasn't as brittle. It was still decent out, if a little dark, and those remaining went outside for a breath of fresh air, protected by the wards of the home. Teddy tagged along. Once they were alone, Theo poured himself wine. The first taste didn't make him react so viscerallyÑhe must not have hated it. They both drank in silence that seemed long but, in fact, was not. "How long have you been teaching Scorpius sign language?" "A month." Theo nodded. "Makes sense." "Oh?" "To adapt is to learn and to learn is to grow." He finished his glass with little fanfare. "I suppose we're all going to have to do both to understand him." "What?" Hermione didn't have any expectations of Theo as they pertained to Scorpius' communication because she had never thought to add him to the equation. "Not to beÑ" "I don't understand why you're surprised. He is my godson, after all." The reminder wasn't needed. It was a link Hermione thought about. Not often, but the glaring missing piece mocked her. She was about to start down that path when Andromeda returned to retrieve her glass of water, and apparently spotted them together, changing course. "Theo." She wore a pleasant smile that reminded Hermione of her sister. "I don't think I've had a moment to speak to you all evening. How have you been?" "Well, thank you." A beat passed as the two observed each other, silent words exchanged. Theo inclined his head, picked up his wine and excused himself, leaving Hermione and Andromeda alone. She waited until the door was closed before she gave her a look. "My opinion on him for you hasn't changed. He's still a no." Hermione waved her off. "No, that's over and done. He and I were discussing Scorpius, but I'll confess, I've always been curious about why you were so against him." "He's emotionally unavailable." Simply stated, it raised far more questions about how the pieces connected and what Andromeda knew. Hermione wanted to delve into the matter headfirst but never got the chance. "You were discussing Scorpius? Teddy adores him, wants to show him everything." Her smile matched Hermione's growing one. That feeling was familiar. "He's also quite attached to you, I see. He defers to you, even over his father and grandmother. You did well to steer him in Draco's direction, but traditionallyÑ" "I know." Hermione knew all about tradition, but that wasn't on her mind then. Nor was their audience or Narcissa's probing eyes. She'd thought only of a father and son, and the bridge being built between them. "It was instinct." "I see." Andromeda folded her arms. "There's much I still need to learn about them, but I do appreciate the opportunity you've given Teddy and I. Thank you." "I only provided the space, you and Malfoy did the hard part by meeting to coordinate it." "Draco." Andromeda exhaled his name like a difficult equation she'd spent days trying to solve. Likely not far from the truth. Hermione quietly empathised by leaning against her friend. Months had passed since their first conversation, but despite the strides they'd made as of late, in some ways, Hermione still felt like she was back at the beginning. Working, searching, and mining her way into him. Yes, she'd unearthed bits and pieces, but what she'd found hadn't yet taken shape. "He's a puzzle I'm learning to sort. Well, I'm still looking for all the pieces, butÑ" "Hermione." Her name was so soft it was nearly a whisper, one she almost missed. When she looked, the older woman rested a gentle hand on her cheek. It felt like comfort, like something a mother would do to her child in a quiet moment, but her eyes were mapping Hermione's face, searching until she found something. She smiled ruefully. "He will be the hardest lesson you'll ever learn." Andromeda's parting words remained long after she left. Scorpius was fighting valiantly, but by the time Hermione sat down to read, he was yawning and blinking blearily to stay awake. He leaned against her arm, heavy with determination to look on as she read. He turned the first page before rubbing his eyes again. Such a stubborn boy, Hermione thought fondly, smiling at the top of his head. She read each word with care, taking time to drag her finger under the letters as she sounded out the story. But she didn't make it through the second page before his eyes grew too heavy to fight on. Sleep called his name like warmth from a fire on a cold night. There was no other choice but to answer its call. For several minutes, Hermione held on, allowing him to settle, his breathing to deepen as he slipped further and further into dreamland. Quiet mumbles filled the scant space as she helped lay him down. Nothing he murmured was intelligible, just adorable sleepy noises that she responded to with gentle shushing of her own. Hermione tucked him in snugly, whispering her wishes for him to have a good night's sleep while brushing the fringe off his forehead. After turning the lamp off, she left him to his dreams, turning towards the open doorÉ where Narcissa stood waiting. It was surprising, but Hermione didn't jolt. Hand over her heart, she took a breath before approaching the woman. How long had she been there? There was no telling and Narcissa didn't appear keen on answering any questions. Hermione joined her in the doorway. "Everyone gone?" "Yes. Not too long ago." Narcissa peered past her to the sleeping boy. "I see he is asleep." "He didn't make it far. Busy day." Narcissa seemed thoughtful in the silence that followed as they walked down the hall towards the living room. There were two cups of tea waiting for them. Her first taste revealed that Narcissa hadn't made it herself. Chamomile and lavender. It was close to her preference, but not quite right. Andromeda. "I would like for you to accept my hospitality and remain here tonight." Hermione inhaled, nearly choking, but she swallowed a mouthful of warm tea instead. After recovering, she cleared her throat, ready to reject the offer. "Miss Granger, might I remind you that there are Aurors combing the woods around your home and more stationed outside your wards." Narcissa was a little too prepared. Suspiciously so. "I both insist and IÉ" Her eyes lit up as if she were remembering an important part. "I am not leaving any room for argument." Well, that was a very Pansy thing to say. "I see." Hermione ran through several scenarios on how to get out of this, but the odds weren't favourable. Even without Theo's shrewd attention to detail, Pansy was good at making effective back-up plans. Namely Ginny. Or her lectures. Narcissa looked on, her smile growing wider as Hermione's options diminished. She sipped her tea like she knew she'd already won. Or had a hidden piece up her sleeve. Best to live to fight another day. "I'll have to return home for clothes." "No need." Narcissa placed the tea on the saucer. "Pansy was a dear and brought everything you would need. She left them for you in the guest room. Last room at the end of the hall upstairs." "How fortunate." Narcissa's smirk made her look far younger, far less serious than Hermione had ever seen her. She seemedÉ relaxed. But then her smile faded. "I would like to thank you for your help." "You're welcome." Hermione would do it all again if it led to a night like tonightÑDark Mark aside. "Your sister and son were instrumental in making it happen." "Which brings up my topic of discussion." Narcissa crossed her legs at the ankles and placed her hands in her lap. "I have made some observations this evening. I am glad that you are staying so we might discuss them further." It wasn't her tone but her informal body language that put Hermione on high alert. Regardless of how well the evening had gone, Narcissa Malfoy was not a casual woman. Adaptable, yes. Observant, definitely. But never, ever casual. Hermione recalled every strange look, every moment she'd begun to speak but didn't, and the increasingly thoughtful expressions in Scorpius' direction. Narcissa's silence had more to do with her biding time than anything else. Hermione thought of every possible excuse for her actions, examined them, and then sighed. She wasn't in the mood. "Perhaps this can wait until tomorrow?" "No, it cannot." Narcissa's answer was firm. "I would rather speak while this is fresh on my mind." Fair enough. Her memory was no longer guaranteed. And that made Hermione even less keen on discussing anything, but she knew Narcissa would never leave it be. "We don't have a great history of pleasant debates or friendly chats." Hermione finished her tea and placed the empty cup on its saucer. Chamomile and lavender. Calming teas. Narcissa was prepared. She must have been planning this talk for a while, and tonight's events likely provided the perfect opportunity to set the stage. It didn't make her feel any better. Just caught off guard. Which Hermione hated. "No, we do not." Narcissa coolly looked her in the eyes. "But I believe we have made enough progress that I can speak to you freely." "You've never been one to mince words." "TouchŽ, Miss Granger, but I have observed your relationship with my grandson over the last couple of months, and I believe that it has reached a point where I must intervene." "If I've overstepped, IÑ" "I will not deny that your presence has been good for Scorpius. I've encouraged it because I believe you are the key to him speaking again." That wasn't as surprising as it should have been. "However, I think you should be careful." Narcissa's voice dipped low with warning. "Seeing you with him has made me double down on my efforts to implore Draco to see reason. He needs to remarry and he will. And when he does, Scorpius will have a new mother. There will be no place for you, at least not in the capacity you are in now." There was a slight twinge of discomfort in her chest, but Hermione swallowed it down and gathered her thoughts. "There's a saying: It takes a village to raise a child." She looked down at her hands. "If his father does remarry, I'll become part of that village. He will always have my support." Narcissa accepted the answer with a polite nod; foolishly, Hermione thought that was the end. But it was not. "Earlier, he and Daphne did this bizarre thing whereÑ" "He was counting days until the next time they see each other." Hermione nearly started bouncing her knee, but she knew that would only aggravate Narcissa enough to correct her behaviour. In rebellion, she adjusted herself to mirror the woman next to her. "Did you teach him how to do this?" "Yes." "Why?" "The death of his mother, your rigid treatment and structure, and the distance his father is working to closeÑthat combination has created a child who isn't fond of change." Hermione felt heavy from her own words. "Scorpius needs routine and consistency, in addition to reassurance, security, and a firm anchor. He gets anxious when he doesn't know something or he doesn't understand. This is why we count days." "I don't understand." Narcissa's disconnection from the needs of those she sought to protect was something Hermione found troublesome, but she didn't want to explain it any further. Narcissa was a patient, there was a level of professionalism expected of her that couldn't be achieved if she proceeded. Because the matter of Scorpius was personal. "I can't make you understand his needs. I can only explain the way I see things, butÑ" "Then do so, Miss Granger." Hermione inhaled slowly, then exhaled in a rush, closing her eyes and gathering her thoughts so she wouldn't go off the rails like last time. She wanted to remain calm. Clear. "I've found that losing someone makes you hold on to others a little tighter. You haven't talked to him about your illness, but Scorpius knows something isn't right. He's far more observant than you may think, and cognizant enough to know there is a real possibility he'll be left behind again." He wasn't wrong about that, sadly enough. "There are no guarantees in life, Narcissa. You know this just as I do." Hermione looked down, feeling heavier with each uttered word. "Sometimes people leave and don't come back. I believe Scorpius knows this because of his mother and I think that is the root of his anxiety. It might even be the reason he shut himself off and chose silence." "He doesn't count the days with me." Not with Malfoy either, but Hermione kept that to herself because Scorpius already had an odd routine with him. Daily notes. Visits to his office. It had grown to breakfast, another hand to reach for, sign language. Tomorrow? Yes. There was improvement on that front, and a willingness on Malfoy's part to set the tone of acceptance while allowing Scorpius to dictate the development. He would warm to his father in his own way. At his own speed. With little, brave steps and small, poignant moments. But Narcissa wanted things done her way, at her pace, and in her time. She was limited in that respect. She wanted Scorpius to talk more than she wanted to deal with the reasons for his silence, wanted him to be normal when the word alone was nothing more than an illusion. There was no routine with his grandmother that didn't involve bowing and standing at attention; the image of perfection and propriety. Nothing inspired him to seek her out or made him look forward to their next interaction. Nor did he seem inclined to change that. At five, Scorpius hadn't perfected the art of subtlety. He avoided her as much as he could and forgot about her presence until a look reminded himÑthe same one that had killed his excitement earlier. It put him on edge and made him nervous that he wasn't doing things as she wanted him, as he'd been trained to do. Gods, there was so much Hermione wanted to say, so much criticism that it burned in her belly, but she refused to set it free, leaving her with nothing to offer in substitute. So the air remained heavy with implications laced between Narcissa's vocal realisation. Adjustments had been made, that much Hermione would credit her for, but change involved more than acting after being challenged. It was more than the series of tweaks she had made to her treatment of Scorpius. While better, there was work to be done if she truly wanted to get somewhere with him. Or her son. Narcissa stood and crossed the room to the window where the cactus sat just a little taller than before. Her fingers grazed the spines much like her son's had weeks ago in his office. Facing away from Hermione, she abruptly pulled back her hand and wrapped it around her middle. A shuddering breath escaped her as the silence stretched on. "Do you think Scorpius will remember me when I am gone?" The vulnerability in her voice doused the flames of annoyance Hermione had been battling. Pain. It weighed heavily on the question. She opened her mouth, but an answer never came. Narcissa straightened to her full height with a cool resignation, an eerie acceptance of what was to come and what she had already lost along the way. "I-I can't say for certain," Hermione forced out. "I'm no expert on children, but he's young. The memories you create with him will be his to keep." "That's not exactly comforting." Narcissa's dry, rueful chuckle prickled at Hermione's ears. "To prepare him for the inevitable, I will admit I have been rather hard on him. Hard enough to drive him away. Enough for him to seek you first in everything. I suppose his fear of me is my fault in the end." "I don't think he's afraid of you, per se, only not meeting your expectations of perfection. He doesn't like making mistakes. But Scorpius isn't just obedient and smart, he's forgiving. It will take time and work, but you'll have to want it, too." Narcissa said nothing. "It's not about if he remembers you, it's about how. He'll associate little things with you. Your scent. The way he feels when you hug him. The texture of your hair. The feel of your hand in his when he's feeling lost or scared or even happy. Those moments can be stronger than memories." Hermione allowed her words to marinate, but not for too long. "You're capable of being memorable, you've been crafting your legacy for years now. It's time to do the same with ScorpiusÑwhile you still can." "Just as you've encouraged my son to do." Narcissa finally turned around, and Hermione was too restless to remain seated. "Perhaps." She treaded carefully as she entered the dangerous waters of this conversation, drifting towards the vortex. "He needs to know how to care for him in order to prepare for a time when you can't." "Or he could get serious about contracting a wife to give Scorpius the proper mother he needs. I have been trying for months and still nothing. No woman interests him." Putting the pieces together of their complicated relationship should have been easier, and she should have done it earlier. But here Hermione was, calling forth everything she'd learned, the statements he'd made, and things she tucked away for further analysis. Now was the time. Hermione used the silence to run through it all: words from Theo, lessons from Daphne, and comments from Pansy. The combination made sense of the friction between Malfoy and his mother. It wasn't that Narcissa was pushing him to marry, it was that she hadn't once bothered to consider anything as it pertained to him. How was he doing? Was he ready? Did it matter? Hermione saw the way women reacted to Malfoy, witnessed how they schemed and fell over each other for just a moment of his time and the attention he didn't give. He didn't seem to want it or their flirty ways, didn't want to be locked in a tank, or put into the cage of another marriage. But that was exactly what his mother was forcing on him. His refusal to do any of it should have made her compassionate and understanding, but it hadn't. And that justÑ "Remarriage is his decision and ultimately not one you can make for him." That was not exactly what Hermione had intended to say, but it was too late, and the words were already out in the universe. Worse still, Hermione heard the edge in her own voice. So did Narcissa. There was no stopping now. "If you're interested in fixing things with your son, you should respect his wishes, take note of his refusal, and give him the chance to make his own choices about how he should live his life. Because, ultimately, when you're gone, he will have to live on." "IÑ" "Let him breathe, Narcissa. Let him grieve. Let him get to know his son on his terms. You only need to support him." All she could think about was the relief on Malfoy's face earlier when Scorpius had reached for his hand. At one point, he had to have thought all hope was lost. Still, he kept trying anyway. Hermione looked away and bit her lip. "Scorpius wasn't the only one who lost someone. He keeps taking hit afterÑ" "Purebloods do not marry for love, Miss Granger." She had heard that time and time again. "Didn't you love Lucius?" Narcissa wore his ring, after all, not out of duty but sentiment. She sought her own comfort in his hallucinations. If not for love, then what? "When we married, I barely knew him outside of our families and school." Narcissa brought her hand to her necklace. "I had my duties to my family, especially whenÑ" Andromeda chose love over family. "To answer your question, Miss Granger, I did love him because I chose to." She looked off, eyes vacant, but there was a passion in her voice Hermione had never heard; it rendered Hermione incapable of ignoring. "I nurtured that love. It took time and patience, trust and constant strength though the hardest of times. Especially then. But it grew into something fierce, something encompassing that you wouldn't understand." Hermione exhaled the breath she had been holding. "No, I wouldn't." "I know you think my ways are cold, but love is not impossible in matches such as these. Draco could have thatÉ if he allowed it." "You don't know that. I just don't understand how you could contract his marriage so soon after Astoria's death. It's like repotting a plant too soon. You'll shock the roots. It'll die." "I survived." "You're different." Hermione folded her hands and steeled herself. This was not how she'd imagined this conversation going, feared maybe, but she'd hoped otherwise. "Miss Granger, you operate under the assumption that I do not know my son." "It's not an assumption. You don't." "And you do?" "Does it matter? The fact that he keeps refusing has to mean something." She looked at Hermione as though she were ignorant. Maybe she was. "Whether Draco likes it or not, this is how we have operated for generations. He continued the tradition by marrying Astoria, and he will continue again by marrying his next wife. It is his duty and he is nothing if not loyal to his family." Hermione was left with a bad taste in her mouth. "I made my choice a long time ago. Draco has made his for the future of our line. I'm at least giving him an opportunity to pick from an array of suitable witches this time. I was never afforded the choice." "This is in no way my business, but you're deluded if you think you've given him a choice." Before Narcissa could part her lips to speak, Hermione raised a hand, breathing deeply to contain her indignation. "You said it yourself, you want him to marry and you're willing to contract it to make it happen. That's not giving him a choice. That's giving him an ultimatum." "Sometimes, I am faced with hard decisions. I am just doing what is necessary. He cannot be alone." She touched her temple. "One day, Draco will understand that this was all for him." "No, he won't." Hermione shook her head, getting more and more worked up. "You're still trying to prune Malfoy into the shape of the man you think he should be, something proper and acceptable for the society he hates, rather than allowing him to grow organically. You're fighting against nature itself. If nothing else, the fractured state of your relationship is a sign that you're not winning. Just as your way isn't working for Scorpius, it's not working for him." It was evident that the conversation had run its course, but Hermione wasn't finished. "He's given up the opportunity to find his own happiness once. Now that he's alone, you want him to do it again? I am in no way his advocate, but what more do you want from him, Narcissa?" She closed her eyes, not liking the way emotions made her voice strain. "Hasn't he sacrificed enough?" Silence greeted her question as a response. "The guest room is the last door at the end of the hall. Good night, Miss Granger." Narcissa inclined her head and walked towards her wing. She appeared at perfect ease, but there was tension in each step. She stopped at the table and cleared her throat in that Umbridge-way that made all the hair on Hermione's arms stand on end. Then she turned slowly. "Oh, and Miss Granger? One more thing." There was false politeness in her tone. "What is it?" "You mention that you are not advocating for my son, which I suppose is a good thing." She made a dry noise. "How can you advocate for someone you choose not to call by name?" Time was an agitating blur. Hermione wasn't certain how she ended up in Malfoy's office, but she paced off her excess energy there. When repetitive actions no longer worked, she buried herself in work, making headway in some of the translation interpretations and setting aside the parts she didn't understand to send Percy for further analysis. Hermione read until her eyes were tired before putting it away for the night. Narcissa had long since gone to bed when she peeked in on Keating, who was filling out her report. She wasn't sleeping well again and had come to her room upset, but had already forgotten the reason by the time Keating had asked. Hermione wondered if her slowly increasing memory incidents were the beginning of the shift into the next phase of her disease. But, for now, all they could do was continue to monitor it, and Hermione told Keating just that before she found her way to the guest room. Pansy had left a bag of clothesÑmore than enough for one night. Hermione frowned but changed into comfortable attire before returning to the living room to read Persuasion in preparation for Pansy's Regency-themed birthday party. Or wait up for Malfoy. Semantics. An hour turned into two. Two turned into three. Hermione made more progress than she had in the last month, which likely had little to do with her ability to speed read and more to do with the fact that she was out of her element; in a completely different environment, she couldn't tackle her ever-present to-do list. A change in location really could bring a change in how one felt. Instead of being confused about the nearly blank canvas surrounding her, Hermione appreciated it for it was. The lack of distraction and addition of peace felt nice when her duties weren't ordering themselves in her mind. It was after midnightÑhour fourÑwhen she heard someone on the stairs. Looking over, Hermione spotted a bleary-eyed Scorpius at the bottom step, holding onto the railing as he looked around. His eyes fell on her, but then moved along. He kept looking. "He's not back yet." The little boy frowned, looking more and more nervous as he approached her. Wrinkled from sleep, Scorpius had an intense case of bedhead that could not be tamed. He looked so pitiful standing there that Hermione came up with an idea. "Did you know that Albus loves the stars?" Yes, Scorpius signed, though the confusion remained on his face. He rubbed his eyes. "I'll summon my bag and show you why, then I'll tell you a story." Hermione picked her wand up off the table and flicked it. Scorpius startled when her bag flew over his head and into her waiting hand. He looked on as she rifled through years of oddities she toted around. She never knew when something might be of use. Fascinated, he watched her entire arm disappear, followed by her head, as she sifted around until she found what she was looking for and pulled it out. Placing the circular projector on the coffee table, she turned it on and smiled when it lit up, charmed to run on magic. But he saw nothing. Scorpius looked mildly disappointed. "Let me get everything set up." Hermione made quick work of turning off the kitchen lights and shutting the blinds, knowing moonlight would still filter through. Before she turned out all the lights in the living room, she returned to her reclined spot on the sofa and lifted the blanket in invitation for him to crawl in with her. It was an offer he quickly accepted. It didn't take much adjusting for them to get comfortable on the sofa together with Scorpius, happy and comfortable, curled up at her side. "Are you ready?" He still appeared puzzled, but ultimately trusted her. Hermione used that and turned off the lights. The projector transformed the ceiling into a velvety black nighttime sky dotted with thousands of tiny stars. Not perfectly dark, thanks to the moonlight, but she could make out the shapes and the little boy next to herÉ She heard his audible gasp. Her heart pounded at the small sound. It was only a projection, but it was a beautiful sight. Hermione was transported to the pasture outside of her house: it was a clear night, a perfect one, and she looked to the sky to reconnect with the Earth. She hadn't done this in quite some time. The sky hadn't looked much different than this when she'd taken Albus outside during one of his earliest visits. He had been sullen and restless, much like the little boy next to her now. "Sometimes," Hermione said, barely above a whisper, "when I feel nervous or scared, when everything feels too big and I'm worried, I look to the sky and breathe." She did just that, inhaling, and she both heard and felt him do the same. Hermione exhaled slowly, listening as he mimicked her. The projector and the moon illuminated them enough for her to see the wonder in Scorpius' blue eyes. "The sky makes me feel better and the stars give me a sense of peace. I feelÉ stronger. They remind me that no matter what worries me, everything will be okay." Hermione watched as he closed his eyes and took another deep breath; it felt as if he had absorbed her words. She did the same with an affection so great it threatened to spill over. They relaxed together while staring at the projected sky. Next time, maybe on a different night, when it wasn't overcast or smoggy, she would do this again with him under the endless sky behind her home. Shifting to her side, Hermione propped her head on her bent arm to get comfortable. It jogged her memory about a story she owed him. She could only think of one. "You're named after the stars, Scorpius." Finding the constellation, she raised her wand and connected the stars on the projection with a line drawn from magic. "The scorpion." Hermione did the same with the next constellation. "This one is Orion." He settled more comfortably at her side, pulling the blanket up to his throat. "There are many versions of their story so I'll tell you my favourite one." The child-friendly one. "Orion was a fearless hunter." Hermione told the story from memory. "So great that he vowed to kill every animal on Earth." Another tiny gasp made her absently run fingers through his bedhead with her free hand. "I know. Animals are precious so Gaia, the goddess of the Earth and protector of the animals, asked Scorpio, a giant scorpion, to stop Orion. Scorpio stung him with his stinger to make him stop, and as a reward for his bravery, Gaia placed Scorpio in the night sky." The silence following the story was peaceful though short. "Whenever you feel nervous or scared," Hermione spoke gently, still patting down his hair. "Whenever you feel worried, like you can't. Remember that you're just as brave as the scorpion you're named after. Just as strong." His hand found hers and she held on as the silence stretched wider than the expanse of the projected sky. Hermione felt no need to speak, no need to explain things further, or even begin telling another story. She just relaxed in the peaceful quiet surrounding them, noting the precise moments Scorpius' breathing changed, when he relaxed, and when he fell back asleep. Completely so. Apparently this was all he needed to relax his mind back to dreamland. When he brought his other thumb to his mouth, Hermione didn't correct it. She let him sleep. He was tired. And so was she. The next time Hermione opened her eyes, the world was a warm, hazy fog of confusion and passed time. It could have been minutes, it could have been hours, but everything slowly crept into focus. It took several blinks for her to put the pieces together where she was, more still to determine how she wound up so warm and with a crick in her neck. Wedged on her side, the cushions were at her back. Then she realised. Scorpius was at her front, gripping the arm that she had wrapped around him. Expanding her range of focus, confusion rolled in like a fog, clouding her mind, already heavy with sleep. The lights were dimÉ And in front of her were legs covered in grey trousers. Hermione inclined her head and there wasÉ Malfoy. Oh. Normally impeccable, he looked a bit worn around the edges; his tie was undone but not removed. There was a large bruise on the side of his neck that seemed to continue under the collar of his shirt to the shoulder he favoured. Exactly how long he had been there, Hermione had no idea, but it couldn't have been long. After all, she couldn't determine which one of them was more confused to see the other. "What happened to your face?" she asked groggily. "What time is it?" "Just before three," Malfoy replied in a low tone to not disturb Scorpius. A moment passed as they both watched him sleep on, undisturbed, with his thumb still in his mouth. He didn't answer the first question, only took a knee next to the sofa. "Why isn't he in bed?" Hermione felt like an intruder as she looked on while Malfoy brushed his son's hair from his forehead. The move was as reflexive as breathing. There was something soft in the set of his bruised jaw. If she didn't know any better, she might have called the serenity in the silence of the moment with his son: happiness. It only lasted a second, but the memory would be burned in her mind, not easily forgotten. "He came down looking for you. I was reading." Hermione covered her yawn with a fist. "I showed him the sky with my projector and told him a story to ease him back to sleep. It worked for both of us, apparently." That only seemed to perplex him further, but he said nothing more on the topic. "He'll be glad to see you when he wakes. He was worried." Hermione summoned every bit of her willpower and tried not to look, but even that wasn't enough. Rooted to the spot, she was trapped under a gaze that moved fluidly between her and Scorpius. But when the moment stretched too long, when the look in his eyes began shifting to something that made her warm, Hermione focused on the grounding force between them. Scorpius. "We should get him to bed." "I can take him." Malfoy started to reach for his son but winced. "Go take care of yourself first." She glanced at his bruised knuckles and followed the trail up his arm then down his side, noting the rip in his shirt. "I can get him to bed with a feather.light charm." Hermione did, but only about twenty minutes after Malfoy silently left, his expression a bizarre mixture of so many things. It was too late to try and decipher him. By the time he reappeared, she was stuffing the projector into her beaded bag along with her book. Malfoy lingered by the stairs, much like his son had earlier, but for all the similarities of their actions, there were differences as well. The first being that she'd heard Scorpius approach. He walked like a child, no attempt to cover his steps; he wasn't afraid of being heard. Nor was Malfoy, but the comparison ended there. He was no child, after all. A man in every sense of the word. His enigmatic energy made that detail hard to ignore and impossible to forget. Hermione easily could have returned to her task, but abandoned it to observe him instead. If only for a moment. If only to figure out why he was standing there. Malfoy's hair was wet from the shower he'd obviously just taken, parted and combed. He'd changed into his routine all black, but instead of trousers, he wore joggers that looked comfortable enough to sleep in and a black long-sleeved shirt that fit his frame nicely. Less like an undertaker and moreÉ normal. If the word could be used to describe a man like Draco Malfoy. "He's in bed." Hermione hadn't been able to disentangle Scorpius from her blanket, so she'd left that with him as well. "Good." Malfoy paused. "Did he say anything else after I was gone?" "No, but I have a sneaking suspicion that this wasn't his first time." That got Malfoy's attention. "Before Albus left, he said that Scorpius liked being read to, but I didn't seriously consider the possibility. If I'd really thought about it, I would have realised sooner. How else would he know if Scorpius hadn't told him?" Hermione finished putting everything in the bag and gave the man still standing at the stairs her full attention. "I've been thinking about why he spoke to Teddy, but then I realised I shouldn't. We shouldn't push. He'll talk openly when he's ready, when he's relaxed and comfortable, when he feels most secure. Today just proved as much." "Seems logical." "We need to keep feeding his confidence, and keep his routine stable. He thrives on structure, to a degree. If your goal is for him to speakÑ" "I'd prefer his trust over his voice." Hermione was rendered temporarily speechless by his honesty. It made her grasp for words to weave into something that made sense. "M-maybe you can have both." Shifting from one foot to the other, Hermione cracked her knuckles, noticing how Malfoy twitched, much like his mother at the act. "Is there something you need? I'm about to go upstairs to bed." "Bed?" Ah, he didn't know. "Your mother insisted I stay the night." Hermione cleared her throat. "I believe there was a vote in my absence, as everything was coordinated before I finished reading Scorpius to sleep the first time. If youÑ" "No, it's fine. Our interrogation with your intruders is tomorrow afternoon. Also, there were sightings near your home. It would be prudent for you not to be home alone until we can have someone clean his traceable signature from in front of your home. As of right now it's like a homing beacon marking your house. It may take a few days to coordinate." "ButÑ" "I'm not arguing with you tonight." Malfoy sounded as irritated as he looked, the arm he favoured remained carefully bent while the other hand rubbed the back of his neck. When he moved, stopping just behind the sofa, his approach was as careful and guarded as his next words. "I've managed to heal my neck." Not well, given the discoloured skin from the mark that still lingered. She had seen it from across the room, but only now noticed how severe it was up close. Malfoy's hesitation was visible as she paused. "My shoulder and side, howeverÉ" He left it at that. He didn't ask as much as he gave her an opportunity to decline. Or offer. The Healer in her took over, gesturing in the direction of the kitchen. The lighting was better, more clinically appropriate. He chose the chair at the head of the table, turning it around completely before taking a seat. Naturally, Hermione brought her bag, riffling through it for everything she would possibly need. She sat each of them in a neat row before picking up her wand. "You allowed me to have a full discussion while you were injured?" "Have you ever tried to shut yourself up?" Malfoy asked dryly. "Fair enough." Hermione rolled her eyes, mouth quirking. "What happened?" "I was doing a perimeter check to make certain there were no Death Eaters lingering in Godric's Hollow when I was ambushed." "Where was Harry?" Concern and years of friendshipÑas well as her best friend's tendency to find trouble, even when he wasn't looking for itÑmade her ask. "Is heÑ" "Unharmed." Malfoy's answer was crisp and cool as she examined the bruise on his neck that he'd already tried to heal. "He was on the other side of the village with a team doing the same canvassing." Relief bloomed in her chest, then she realised something. "Wait. You were alone?" "I work better that way. " He remained placid, unrepentant as he stared straight ahead, jaw set, lips rigid. Swallowing her retort took a substantial amount of effort. She directed her attention to healing his wound rather than clunking him over the head with the end of her wand for his stubbornness, even though it wasn't surprising. That wouldn't do anyone any good. Not only would Malfoy be irate, but she'd also have another wound to heal. Healer's Oath and all. Two healing charms later, and a bit of salve on the bruise forming under his jaw, and it was like it had never happened. Malfoy had blessedly remained silent since she'd started working in earnest. Next order of business. "What curse did they use?" Obviously nothing permanently damaging or deadly. "Never mind that, if you don't remember." Hermione stepped back and made a gesture with her finger. "You'll need to take your shirt off." "Excuse me?" She pointed at the shoulder he was favouring. "For your shoulder and your side. I need to see everything." "I don't need to take my shirt off toÑ" "Your choice, really." Hermione folded her arms, wand clenched in her fist, appearing casual if not a little bored. "How am I supposed to see what's wrong?" Which brought to the forefront another question. "Theo said he sent a team of Healers." "He did, as well as the Poisoning Team for the members of the town's counsel who were trapped inside the building with the poison inside. They're all being treated, by the way." Good to know. But waitÉ Hermione snapped her mouth shut as she weighed her options: approaching the topic or retreating completely. The very idea that Malfoy would bypass Healers on the scene forÑthat made no sense. It wasn't in her nature to let things lie, so she settled on something in between. Ignoring remnants of implication from his statement and the layers of meaning in between them, Hermione settled on one point. The easiest point. "I'm trying to decide if you're that stubborn or that stupid. You could have permanent injuries yet here you are, concerned about your modesty." "Are you going to lecture me or heal me?" Malfoy's voice was almost hoarse. "I've been awake for over twenty-four hours, andÑ" "I can lecture you with your clothes on." She levelled him with a glare. "But if I'm to heal you, you'll have to take off your shirt so I know if I'll need potions, spells, salve, or a combination of all three." She held his gaze with a bold one of her own until Malfoy rolled his eyes and slowly pulled his shirt up with his uninjured arm. The action wasn't natural, his movements careful as he revealed bare, scarred skin. The nasty gash was on his side, andÉ and a bare arm that should have looked different. It should have spoken of his present and future in the Scorpius constellation on the belly of the beast that she knew took up most of that arm. "There's no need to glamour something I already know exists. If you're that ashamedÑ" "I'm not." Malfoy glared at her. "It's frankly none of your business why I choose to glamour my skin." The inflection and tone his words carried spoke clearly of the personal nature behind his actions. Though he wouldn't say anything. No, that would be too much like an admission. "I don't owe you anything, not even an explanation." He was right, Hermione thought to herself, but it still grated her nerves. It was likely because of her own reasons, which were rooted in a selfish curiosity that hadn't been sated since her first glimpse. Curiosity, by definition, spoke to a desire for knowledge and understanding. That pursuit involved digging to unleash secrets and find the deeper meaning in ordinary eventsÉ and in the ones that weren't quite so ordinary. Like the shirtless wizard in front of her who stared back in heated defiance. The same man Hermione had been trying to understand for months. She hadn't pushed as hard as she could have, more concerned with his mother and distracted by his son, but she could no longer deny her intrigue with him. Hermione's eyes skimmed his skin, roaming across the definition of his muscled torso down to the waistband of his joggers. A quick aversion brought her attention to the light gash on his side. A flesh wound she fixed with a spell. That was easy. His shoulder was not. "Can you sit up straighter?" Hermione stepped forward when he did just that, eyes on her as she approached. Malfoy tried to stretch his arms out, but the left one wouldn't comply. His mouth parted in a hissing wince before he brought the arm close. It was dislocated. Though an easy fix, he grunted in pain when she did so, even after counting to three. He curled his hand into a tight fist. His face flushed as he bit down on his lip. Hermione checked to make certain it was back in place and nodded more to herself than him upon seeing that she'd been successful. "Better?" "Much." Allowing her eyes to scan his body with clinical ease, an errant thought escaped about how well-built he was from all the swimming he did. Lean. Muscular. But Hermione banished the thought in favour of turning on her clinical blinders as she started lightly touching the area of his shoulder that still looked tender despite repair. "Narcissa says you swim daily. Sometimes more than once." "That's correct." As she continued to prod, noting his shallow breathing, strain and tension corded in his every muscle. All indicative of pain. "I've seen this shoulder injured twice in two months." It was surprising for someone to swim with such an injury. The sport was hard on the shoulders. Repetition was an easy path to wear and tear. "Do you mind if IÑ" "Go on." It took a few minutes and a diagnostic charm that confirmed that his injury, which was under layers and layers of scar tissue, wasn't new at all. Merely aggravated by the evening's ambush. His glamour hid the tattoo, but not the external evidence of the severity of his injury: the swelling and sensitive skin. "You should stop until this clears up and scale it back. You're only making it worse. Trust me when I say, your body will tell you when it's had enough." Malfoy said nothing at first, but his head turned towards her and his eyes moved from her face to her hands where they touched him. She tapped a sore point and he inhaled sharply, then exhaled a breath she felt against her shoulder despite the layer of clothes. "Your seizure?" "Yes." An answer given as instinctively as her heart beat, and just as unconsciously. "Not that I remember." Taut silence swelled between them as they each cautiously held on to something personal, all the while waiting for the other to speak. Whether they wielded their knowledge like a weapon or something that deserved protection, Hermione wasn't sure. She didn't want to think about it. "Have you had another?" That was just as unexpected as his silent request for an answer was unfailingly clear. "No." Words always came easier when the world was hushed and quiet, when it felt like nothing else existed, no expectations, just an exchange of truths. The last time Hermione felt like this was the night they'd spent nearly two hours talking over wine and whisky. "The possibility is there, as is the potential for it to develop into a condition, but I know my limits now." "Do you?" His exasperated breath grabbed her attention. "You're involved, not just with my mother and Scorpius, but gardening, your work at the hospital, the brews you do for the wolves, and the restoration. Just to name a few, mind you, I know there are more. You make yourself available for everyone butÑ" "I'm not the only one." "Not in this case. For me, there is an end date." The piercing look in Malfoy's eyes combined with the private tone he was using to speak to her put Hermione on edge. It made her itch to finish working so she could get some space from him. Or, at the very least, stop noticing how clean he smelled. "Everything I do is done with selfish intent." He glanced down to where her hands had stilled on his warm skin. "The extent to which I stretch myself is exhausting, yes, but it is all done with a goal in mind. It won't last forever. You can't say that, now can you? There will always be someone: a patient, a goal, a project. Always something that will bleed you dry." "I will do what I can for those I care about. I make no apologies for that." "And what do you get in return?" "Caring for people isn't transactional." At last, Hermione stepped back and picked up the parchment to have another look at the readings for his shoulder. "Have a little faith in people." "Only if you recognise that you don't know your limits as well as you think you do." "Don't tell me you're concerned." Hermione chuckled and rolled her eyes, folding the readings and putting them into her bag. Malfoy searched her face before turning away, his legs brushing against hers as she returned to her task. Leaning in to take a closer look, her eyes roamed over the injured area before she touched the angry red skin, frowning when he winced. "I can't fix this. Not in one sitting. It'll takeÑ" "I didn't ask you to fix it. I asked you toÑ" "You didn't ask me anything," Hermione reminded him. "IÉ How long has your shoulder been like this?" All she could do was recall every interaction they had ever had, and not once did he seem injured in any way. Except after the incident with Narcissa in the garden and the botched raid when Theo had healed him. Which meant he knew. Not surprising. Someone as proud as Malfoy would carry this secret injury to his grave. And yetÉ "I injured it the night my father died." Malfoy seemed more than uncomfortable as he looked towards the living room. Tension rolled off him in waves, growing then compressing in a way that made Hermione roll her own shoulders for relief. "We fought off the first wave of Death Eaters, but when the second came, I was already injured. My father made my mother take me and he called for the Aurors." She knew what happened after that. The battle. The carnage. The flames that still consumed the Manor. While his mother had written a detailed account of their escape in her book, Hermione got the impression Malfoy had never spoken of it. It simply wasn't in his nature. Pansy wore her bruises proudly, gracefully, and unapologetically, but Malfoy hid his like a lone wolf. For safety. For survival. Hermione touched his glamoured arm, just lower than the still-forming bruise; a gentle touch that brought his attention back to her. Her pulse picked up, and though natural instinct told her to back up or look away, her brain reminded her that she had a job to do. "You've been carrying this all this time?" Through the Auror academy, where an injury like that would have eliminated him from contention. Years of rigorous wear and tear with little care. He even carried Scorpius with that arm. The pain should have been constant yet he always appeared unaffected. "What potions are you taking and how much?" "Nothing for pain. I'm used to it." Hermione jabbed the skin hard, which made Malfoy swear violently, his grey eyes murderous. She met his strong reaction with a simple shrug. "Doesn't seem like it to me." "GrangerÑ" "I know about healing these sorts of injuries, but it's Susan's specialty. That being said, this is treatable, with the right magic and care, but you won't ask for the help you so clearly need." "I've managed this long." "You have, but once again, why suffer needlessly when all you have to do is ask?" Hermione put medicinal salve on his inflamed skin and watched as the magic soothed it. It would only work so much. Anything more would have to be done from the inside out, with charms and magic he didn't want to use because to do so would cause him to reveal more than he was ready to show. "Don't tell me you believe you're meant to suffer for the things you've done." "And what would you say if I did?" "I'd say that it's clear you're trying to atone, but more importantly, you're not defined by your mistakes." "Try again." Malfoy scoffed. "My entire legacy involves my mistakes. I'm judged for a past where I've caused pain, inflicted misery, and even brought death. I don't say this with pride, I say this because it's a fact." The muscle in his arm jumped when she covered it in salve. "I don't care what anyone thinks of me." His voice was softer, but edged with steel. "I don't care if they think I've changed or if I'm still Death Eater scum. My job isn't to appeal to the masses." "Says the man voted Witch Weekly's Most Eligible Bachelor." Hermione chuckled dryly, feeling strange that she'd brought it up. Still, she found herself curious about his response. More so as the seconds passed and the silence returned. "I'm not a bachelor." Though barely audible, Hermione heard him loud and clear. "I'm a widower. There's a difference." The moment was taut like a spider's web, stretching on, coiling around her, trapping her until all she could do was focus on him, the ridiculous pounding of her heart, and the way Malfoy seemed to shift. The way he spoke. "Regardless of my mother's goals and ambitions, my priorities are firmly outside of remarriage. I value my family, its history, and the duty I have to preserve it. At one point, that was all I knew, all I was." The deep tenor of his voice drew her closer. "But I'm no longer willing to be the bargaining chip she intends me to be. At this moment, I'm stretched thin, too busy to devote my attention to dissectingÉ nothing." Hermione held her breath at the word. "But I am nearly ready, and when I am, I will make my own choice in the matter. Unfortunately for my mother, I won't settle for just any proper witch from a family she deems suitable. I won't settle for being matched to anyone's preference other than my own. I have no regrets, but I'm not the person I was when I married the first time. Now, I have expectations of those I let close. I won't be someone's back-up plan. If it's not real or genuine, I don't want it." There was nothing to say after such a decisive statement. For several minutes, Hermione worked in shaky silence with Malfoy watching every step of the way. Her mind was going a million kilometres a second, replaying his statement over and over until they overlapped her own words with Ron and even Narcissa. It made her head hurt. "H-how does your shoulder feel?" "Better." A drying blond head turned, catching her eyes. "What salveÑ" "Something I created for Deloris, Harry's secretary." Malfoy's eyebrow shot up, then the other joined as he made a small hmm noise that caused Hermione to lift her eyes over his, then back. "Something to say?" "No." There was a short pause. "Except that you brew with books." "Not this again." Hermione rolled her eyes but she found herself relieved for the break in the suffocating tension, even a bit humoured by their ever-constant topic of argument. "Inventing anything takes time and experimentation that can't be found in a book. It's a risk that can't always be calculated. You don't strike me as the risky sort. At least, not anymore." "I've brewed a few things without books." Warmth spread across her cheeks. "Lately." "Oh?" "Yes, but not this. Perhaps I did consult a few Potions Masters when I created the salve to make certain the composition was correct. I'm not ashamed about using my resources, especially on something that works." Considering the current state of his skin, it worked pretty well. "Besides, I think I've taken enough risks in my life. Keeping us alive year after year. Trying to fix what was broken after the war in a Ministry that wasn't interested in doing any of that. I nearly broke myself being everything to the same people who wanted me back to work days after I nearly died. The point is, I don't need to be that person anymoreÑthe one that has to have all the answers. I won't apologise for preferring guarantees where I can reasonably have them." "I didn't think anything was guaranteed. Not even tomorrow." Malfoy wasn't wrong, but it was too late for a true debate. Reaching for a pain potion, she uncorked the lid and handed it to him to shut him up. When Malfoy made no move to accept it, she huffed. "Take it." She held his gaze, watching his jaw as it worked, his throat bobbing as he swallowed around nothing. Hermione lifted the vial into his sight line, noticing how one beat of her heart after the other passed before grey eyes flickered to what she was offering. "It will help." Still, he made no move to grab it. "PainÑ" "Doesn't always make you stronger, Malfoy, only weaker. Insensitive. It wears you thin. When pain is all you know, how can you feel anything else? How do you know there's something more?" "Is there?" Hermione couldn't shake the coiling feeling in her gut. Trouble. The chords of energy between them were all but saturated with it and other things that churned, growing to something tangible, something that would no longer be ignored or pushed aside. Attraction. But she couldn't focus on that. Not when the impossibly stubborn man finally took the vial from her hand. Eyes on her, even as he tipped his head back and drank, he downed the contents all in one go. "I'll bring you another tomorrow. You'll need it." Malfoy remained quiet while Hermione carefully watched each moment extend into the next. The uptick in her pulse and the way his body began to relax as the potion took hold. The tingling of her fingertips from the salve. The way his head tilted slightly, eyes focused but slightly hazy from the sudden reduction of pain before he looked down, bringing his other arm to his bicep. She watched him test, work, and flex the muscles of his shoulder, moving it in a circular fashion, and she noted it seemed far easier than before. Allowing her eyes to scan the expanse of his arm, from shoulder to fingertip, she touched different parts in a test of pain and strength, but he no longer flinched. "Isn't that better?" To lighten the heaviness between them, Hermione smiled and rolled her eyes. "You're too much of a prat to admit it, but I'll take your silence as a sign of gratitude and celebrate my victory by sleeping peacefully tonight." It was quick. A blink and she would have missed it, but Malfoy raked a hand through his nearly dry hair, glancing off to the side at nothing. He made a small sound that was curiously close to a chuckle before a smile played at the edges of his lips. It looked like a reflex or an accident, new to witness but all him. Natural. Genuine. It faded the moment he caught her staring. "It's late, Granger." "It is." But neither moved. Not at first. Malfoy stood and picked up his shirt. It was nothing she hadn't seen already, but his proximity left her rattled. "Good night." As he left, Hermione blinked at his back. No matter the intention, the combination of the something she'd been subconsciously starving and the nothing she wanted so badly to believe in was just what that seed of attraction needed to grow. Only now the roots were far too deep to pull. I think change is good because it teaches you that it's nothing to be frightened of. Helen McCrory Chapter End Notes ***This chapter is dedicated to the incomparable Helen McCrory who played Narcissa Malfoy and a host of other wonderful characters. Sadly, she died after a fight with cancer last week. Thoughts to her family and friends. Wands up./*/*/* Art for this chapter: Scorpius Malfoy & Hermione Granger (Sleeping) by bookloverdream-blessedindeed & Hermione Holding Scorpius by chellyawt & Hermione & Scorpius Cuddling by meaghanLH Chapter 23:APatient Man Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Twenty Three A Patient Man July 24, 2011 Hermione was a pragmatic and reasonable woman. A logical and convergent thinker, she was skilled at tucking emotions away to evaluate a problem, find a solution, execute said solution, and review the effectiveness of the end results. Emotions distorted perception and clouded judgmentÑHermione knew this, but feelings were now at the root of her problems. Literally. Strong and resistant, they burrowed deep, stubbornly remained, and refused to budge each time the idea sprang forth of Draco Malfoy stepping into a role other than his current one: ally. And it happenedÉ often. Hermione tugged at them during morning tea conversations, which were now less tense and felt like genuine communication. They devolved into debates, but that was who they were. Mutual acceptance was at the core of respect. And hers for him grew bit by bit each day. During silences, while Malfoy read the paper, Hermione yanked relentlessly. She pulled hard when he caught her mentally working on his crossword, but he only rolled his eyes and made a noise that landed somewhere between humour and irritation. Most mornings, by breakfast, Hermione was tired of trying. Witnessing the careful steps taken by father and son each day did nothing but make those roots burrow deeper and wind around each other. Notes. Sign language. Nerves easing. Increased bravery. Stubbornly, Hermione continued her efforts during their research sessions, but it was no easier in the quiet hours. Glances. Bits of conversation that never steered from their tasks. Sometimes Hermione could forget he was there, except for the human noises in the peripheral of her subconscious she recognised as him. A scratching quill. Turning pages. Quiet breathing. The sound of his glasses being placed on the wood. If Malfoy did it three times, he was tired, and Hermione hated how quickly she'd learned that. Hated how she knew the noise Malfoy's leather chair made whenever he shifted, and the huff he gave upon realising his inkwell was dry. It had the same effect on her as sitting in her conservatory on a stormy night. Natural. Calming. And it irritated Hermione that she knew when it was coming to an end, when Malfoy was about to say something that broke the tension of the moment. Usually, he commented on the late hour as a prompt to call it a night; his stillness when she stood served as a reminder of the sofa he slept on each night. Just before midnight the night before, right as she'd finished her first set of translation interpretations, the session had been interrupted by Scorpius trailing in with a book. From his bleary-eyed wave alone she'd known it wouldn't take much effort to get him back to bed. Which had led to story time and Malfoy had been invited to attend by a bashful pair of blue eyes. Not ten minutes had passed before the little boy was a warm weight against her arm. Hermione had glanced over to where his father had remained hyper focused on the little feet tucked under his leg. It hadn't looked comfortable for Scorpius, but the growing trust had been evident in the visual. The softer expression of affection in a moment Malfoy thought no one was looking. That combination had sparkedÑwell, Hermione had seriously considered scorching the entire field to kill one root. But then she'd sighed, stopped overreacting, and allowed herself to enjoy the sightÉ and even the small flash of a quirking smile that had appeared before he'd picked Scorpius up to return to bed. It was fine. There was nothing wrong with attraction. Right? By nature, it was what opposites tended to do. It was amorphous, uncontrollable, and perfectly normal. Logical. A biological response to pheromones being released. Because that was just it: attraction was purely chemical. Dopamine. Oxytocin. It was ingrained in her genetic code even before she knew it. Or him. There was an aesthetic appeal, of course. Malfoy was tall, well-dressed, and intelligent. Three things that were objectively attractive qualities. Like Theo. WellÉ now that Hermione gave it some consideration, her attraction to Theo was more akin to appreciation, like finding value in the nuances of an artist's work. But this wasÉ different. Physical and mental. Physiologically and intellectually bewildering. Hermione blamed proximity. It was nearly constant in the hours outside of sleep. He was always there. It made sense that she wouldÑoh. Memories of solstice and every talk since derailed that steamrolling train of thought, which led to the reminder of a familiar twinge from the first day. It was something she'd tried to brush off. But now, to acknowledge any of it meant she had to admit every interaction, both significant and mundane, carried weight. Significance. Meaning. Which was difficult. Troublesome. Draco Malfoy was the son of one tendril of connection, the father of a stronger one, and try as she might, Hermione couldn't say they had no link of their own. In fact, she couldn't say that at all given all the changes that had occurred between them, the talks, the pieces she'd put together, and the ones he'd given to her for safe keeping. She couldn't negate much of anything now that she was thinking more than ignoring or compartmentalising to save for later. "How is she?" A deep voice broke Hermione's reverie, anchoring her back into her current surroundings and reminding her of Narcissa's incident that morning where she'd violently and uncharacteristically lashed out at both her and Sachs. Malfoy had just finished his solo breakfast with Scorpius when the shouting started. He'd turned Scorpius over to Catherine, who had been happy to distract him and, to her surprise, he had come along to help. Thankfully so because his presence had calmed Narcissa long enough for Hermione to find a Calming Draught that he'd convinced her to drink. And now he was here. "Resting." She turned away from the window to face Malfoy. "Sachs is monitoring her until I get back, then I'll stay with her until Keating's shift starts. I'll see how she feels once she wakes up. Lashing out like that isn't uncommon with her disease, but it was a surprise. She was perfectly fine all morning." "I see." He approached with steps that were every bit as methodical as he was. "But you don't work weekends." "I'm making an exception today." She folded her arms and returned to the sight outside. "I think gardening can wait for one day. I have brunch I can't get out of, but Sachs needs a break after this morning." "Understandable." "And your shoulder?" Something she'd taken to asking him about semi-routinely. "Doesn't hurt." Once at her side, Malfoy instantly noticed what she'd been blindly staring at. An eyebrow rose sharply. "What is he doing?" It was a valid question. Catherine was seated in a chair with her legs crossed and a book popped open on her lap. She seemed to be enjoying the tolerably warm day. Summer didn't always guarantee sun, and the weather had been nice, but storms were coming in a few days. So Catherine read while enjoying the weather, sneaking glances at Scorpius, who was on a blanket in the middle of the grass with his legs folded and his face tilted towards the sun. Peaceful and quiet with the cactus by his side. Every now and then he touched the pot as if making sure it was still there. "He's doing what he wants." Hermione shrugged at his visibly confused father. "I imagine the very concept is soothing to him." "What?" "Having a choice." She rubbed the side of her neck, her elbow brushing against his arm. "I usually sit with him and we work on sign language, if he wants, but it's not a workday. Are you busy?" "I was about to work on translations now that things have settled." "I'm not sure what he heard this morning, if anything, but perhaps you should sit with him." Hermione shifted from one foot to the other. "Just a suggestion." Malfoy responded by opening the door and gesturing for her to go first. It was instinct to object, but she was working on swallowing the urge to argue. This was a habit for him. She'd seen Malfoy open many doors, pull out chairs, and offer his arm for side-alongs. It was nothing special, just politeness bred from years of etiquette training that had polished his manners. Their emergence from the house instantly caught Catherine's attention. Used to Narcissa, who was a stickler for keeping Scorpius on academic tasks for his betterment, she was so shocked to see Malfoy that she dropped her book, scrambled to her feet, and began stumbling through an explanation for the lull in activity. "Scorpius w-wanted to sit in the sun with the cactus." Catherine sounded anxious in a way that spoke of the indirect damage Narcissa was doing to those around her. "I-I saw no harm in it, but I can go get workbooks forÑ" "That won't be necessary." The almost easiness of his tone halted her, relaxed her slightly, and Hermione exhaled her own relief. "You may go." "UhÑ" "I'll sit with him." Catherine blinked several times, and a deep blush appeared where none had been before. "IÑ uh, yes, are y-you certain? IÑ" "Hey, did you put sunscreen on him?" Hermione tried to spare her further embarrassment, gesturing to the bottle on the table. Malfoy either didn't notice or didn't care, his focus, as always, on the little boy who had just drawn his knees to his chest. "No." She handed over the bottle sheepishly. "I don't think he likes how it smells." Hermione nodded and went into her bag for her own before calling Scorpius over. He stood with no fuss, prepared to leave the cactus behind, but when he turned towards her, he froze upon seeing his father. A waving gesture made Scorpius moveÉ slowly. By the time he tiptoed across the grass, under their watchful eyes, Hermione was ready with sunscreen on her hands. Scorpius made comical faces while she put it on his arms and legsÑ a mix between long-suffering and bored, but he didn't resist. Hermione let him do his own face and made certain he got the back of his neck. One sunburn there last month had taught them all a valuable lesson in how sensitive his skin was. After he finished, Scorpius peered up at his father. Then her. Malfoy blinked in confusion and his son's eyes got more insistent. When he started pointing at them both, Catherine chuckled. It earned her a side eye from Scorpius. Hermione suppressed her own amusement at the little signs of pridefulness that he was beginning to display. He didn't like being teased. Realisation dawned on her. "Oh." Sunscreen. For his father. "Since you're staying." Hermione handed Malfoy the bottle with a smirk. "Go on." The scowl he gave had her name all over it but he wordlessly accepted the bottle. Scorpius was pleased enough with his success to return to his picnic blanket while his father put the sunscreen on his face and hands. She didn't watchÉ much. "You missed your neck, Mr Malfoy," Catherine pointed out. Hermione knew she was smirking but she didn't even try to stop herself. "Wouldn't want you to burn." "I suppose not." He killed her amusement with a look that immediately simmered to something close to smouldering as he rubbed sunscreen into his neck. Malfoy leaned in slightly, eyes still trained on her. "Enjoy your brunch, Granger." With spreading heat, she watched him join his son. It got a bit awkward when Scorpius turned his head at his father's approach. Malfoy's steps slowed to something more tentative as he lifted his hands to sign. May I? A stilted moment passed, then Scorpius moved the cactus, gaping at his father in wide-eyed shock as he eased into a sitting position. They both seemed lost at first, like two people who had gotten to the finish line, but found themselves unsure of who should cross it. Scorpius went first, hesitantly returning to enjoying the sun on his face. Long looks turned into furtive glances before, at last, he reached over and touched the cactus pot between them. And after another minute of observation, Malfoy smirked and did the same. The roots inside Hermione continued to grow, unseen but certainly felt. Hermione armed herself with every metaphorical weapon she could in preparation for the ambush waiting for her at brunch. She knew it was coming. Pansy's look all but promised it and Ginny had been too eager to schedule it. The restaurant they chose was laidback with a view of the Thames, with a table in the corner by the window away from other patrons. It was the perfect place for a battle. Hermione followed the ma”tre'd to where her friends were arranged around the table, ready for everythingÉ Except Lisa Turpin, who was seated between Ginny and Cho. Hermione quickly read the table and surmised that the battle had begun without her. Ginny's smile was as polite as it was artificial while engaging Lisa in conversation. Pansy was on the other side of Hermione's intended seat, eyeing her knife and squinting between Cho and Lisa, almost as if unsure who she wanted to stab more. Susan remained unbothered, as always, until Pansy picked up her fork, which made her give the witch a dark look until the utensil rejoined the others and Pansy went for her drink instead. An approving nod was given before she went back to enjoying the view. There was no Parvati to lighten the mood, something that left her sister nearly wincing as she focused on her conversation with Cho, who patted her shoulder in sympathy. Neither looked worse for the wear but friction was apparent at the table. "You made it!" Padma's smile was a bit too cheerful. "UhÑ" "You're late," Pansy grumped when she sat down, sarcasm dripping from every pore. "You've missed such wonderful conversation." Through clenched teeth she added, "Save me." It was worse than she had expected. Merlin. "There was an incident with my patient this morning that delayed my departure." That got everyone's attention who knew her patient. Lisa looked very confused at the shift in mood. Cho did as well, which increased Hermione's respect for Padma tenfold. Padma knew Narcissa was her patient and had never told her best friend. There was nothing stopping her. No charms or spells blocked her from knowing, at the very least, that Hermione worked for Narcissa Malfoy. Cho's lack of understanding spoke volumes to Padma's integrity. "What happened?" Pansy didn't appear to be breathing. "Confusion incident, but everything is fine and she's resting." Hermione witnessed the wind from her sails die and patted her arm empathetically. "I'll be monitoring her this afternoon after brunch. No particular reason but to give the Healer a break. I know you were planning to have tea with her after brunch. Maybe tomorrow?" "I'll still come by later to check on her." "Okay." As conversation picked back up where it had stopped for her arrival, with Lisa filling in the story of her life no one asked for, Hermione astutely picked up on cues of how each person felt about their new addition. Varying degrees of irritation, apparently, with the ever-polite Cho attempting to play nice and ask about her job as a secretary for the Magical Patent office, likely where she and Ron had reconnected. He and George had several patents for a variety of gadgets. Hermione leaned over to Ginny, gesturing secretly to the unexpected addition to the group. "What happened there?" "Ron brought her to dinner last night." Ginny's tone and expression matched but Hermione knew she was wearing her media mask, and ready to smile if a camera was to pop up. A habit born from both her career and marriage to Harry. "I mentioned brunch and she invited herself." "What rotten taste he has." Pansy's comment earned her a kick under the table that soured her mood further. "I stand by what I said. Rotten." "Play nice." Hermione knew it was useless to tell her to be nice. Whatever happened before her arrival had ended all hope for that. Hermione pasted a pleasant smile on her face upon realising everyone was looking in their direction. "Have you all ordered?" "Not yet." Lisa's civility was as manufactured as plastic. "We were waiting for you." Years away from the Ministry hadn't dulled her ability to tell when someone didn't care for her. Perhaps she hadn't forgotten their exchange at solstice. Hermione hadn't either, but she'd had an idealistic thought that perhaps they could move past that since she was now dating Ron. Apparently not. If anything, Lisa was worse today than at solstice. Snobbish, opinionated, and rude. Not at all a surprise, especially from what she remembered about the party, but it was very clear who she tolerated at the table and who she didn't. Hermione didn't make the cut. Neither did Pansy, but they all met the blunt end of her opinions. Hermione quietly wondered how Ron was faring with a girlfriend like her. Nothing was good enough, all their views were wrong, and she had little tact in telling them as such. When Ginny complimented the aesthetics of the restaurant, she was called cheap in return. Pansy, the interior designer, mentioned liking the arrangement of the room that ensured each table was afforded a view, but Lisa argued that the view was best on the other side of the restaurant. The table was holding on to the edge of politeness and their grips were slipping, ready to fall into the abyss of confrontation. Susan kept out of it, only cutting her eyes at Pansy whenever she stroked her knife. Ginny looked ready for something harder than the mimosas she was downing at an impressive rate. Padma and Cho tried to play mediators. They kept steering the conversation to lighter topics only for Lisa's rudeness to bring them right back to the brink. "What are you all ordering?" Padma covered her face with the menu. Cho did the same and it was obvious they were having a silent conversation behind the menus. Hermione, Pansy, and Ginny exchanged looks. "Full breakfast for me," Susan answered quickly, her eyes never leaving the window. "Extra bacon. It's been a long week." More like a long morning. "I think I'll have the salmon." Lisa folded her hands on the tablecloth. "I wonder if I can have it made without chives. I don't like the taste." "Two eggs with sourdough toast." Hermione made her mind up without looking. She'd eaten here before with Ginny and Pansy months ago. "How terribly dull, Hermione." Lisa sipped her mimosa with a chiding expression. "Live a little. What is the point of having brunch at a nice restaurant if you eat something you can make at home?" "I never eat a heavy breakfast." "I think I'll have the same." Pansy's choice was one of solidarity. "But with sausage." "I think I'm going to need something stronger," Padma said, absently running a hand through her hair. "Or I'll be drinking hard liquor before noon and Firewhisky by dinner." She couldn't agree more, but Padma's comment spoke more to an overall mood that was only exacerbated by the tense brunch. "What's wrong?" The question came from Pansy, oddly enough. Padma grimaced. "Two guesses and the first doesn't count." Awkward brunch aside, she didn't feel like guessing and neither did anyone else. Lisa didn't know Padma well enough to play guessing games so she flagged the waitress down to take their order. "Wedding plans?" "Yes." Padma exhaled loudly. "Blaise's idea for eloping is looking better and better." Ginny sighed. "I was looking forward to a week in India." "Oh, it's not off the table. We've spent an absurd amount of Galleons on it." Padma massaged her temples, eyes closed for a moment before tempering her frustration. "It's just that everyone has opinions about what they want for our wedding and we've already agreed to have a traditional Indian ceremony. Blaise doesn't care, but his mother is trying to swan in and change everything." "Typical." Pansy rolled her eyes. "I respect her, but his mum is a controlling bitch." "WellÉ" Padma made several faces of agreement but didn't vocalise it. "She wants us to increase the wedding party for better pictures and doesn't like the robes I've chosen. They're vintage and were my grandmother's. I'm going to have them altered but she wouldn't understand the concept of sentiment if it hit her in the face!" Hermione sat back. She was on a roll now. "Also, we're having difficulties with certain things that might not be there in time. It's July! The wedding is in February! We're wizards and Blaise can find anything! It's literally his career! Why is he finding things on his own after people we've hired say that they can't? How hard is it to find flowers in February? It's not! I'd ask you to grow them, Hermione, but you're stretched too thin and we've paid them to do their bloody job!" The stressed witch took another deep breath and visibly began to relax. "Now I feel loads better." Padma happily finished her mimosa. "I'll need another." "SoÉ elopement then?" No matter how much Pansy didn't like Cho, Hermione had a deep respect for her unrelenting support of Padma and anyone she cared about. Through thick and thin. "I'm not sold on the idea, but Blaise thinks it will take the pressure off and I'm beginning to agree." She leaned back in her chair, her hair flowing over the back. "I just want to be married. Is that too much to ask?" "Weddings aren't about the couple," Lisa said in a matter-of-fact tone that made Cho's frown settle deeper. The input wasn't helpful. It just made Padma tense. "That's just a fact. It's about Ñ" "Respectfully, I disagree." There was a coolness in Cho's voice that Hermione hadn't heard before. She had an arm on Padma's chair and it made Pansy sit back and watch, suddenly entertained by someone she often called dull. This was different. "Weddings are about more than the venue, the food, and flowers. It's to celebrate the bride and groom. The love. TheÑ" "That's incredibly childish and idealistic of you, Cho. Next you'll talk about having the perfect fairytale moments." Lisa let loose a dismissive chuckle that was awkward in the silence. If she noticed, it became apparent she didn't care. "I've been to plenty of weddings and nobody talks about the couple at the wedding, outside of what they're wearing." "Maybe you don't." Susan looked annoyed as a little irritated breath escaped her lips. "A bit of friendly advice." Lisa ignored the comment and gave a thin smile to the frowning future bride. "Give your family the wedding they feel you deserve. It'll be easier on you in the long run." "Have you ever been married?" Ginny asked plainly but didn't wait for Lisa's response. "I guarantee you that my wedding, while memorably chaotic, was only for Harry and I. No one else." Lisa looked affronted. "WellÑ" "Thank you for all the advice." The smile that graced Padma's face was thin. "Blaise and I will talk more on it when he gets back. We're not cancelling the wedding, so there's no risk of upsetting anyone." The waitress arrived at the perfect moment to end that conversation. Padma ordered mimosas Ñeasy on the orange juiceÑfor everyone at the table except Cho. Hermione added a second one to her order. With Lisa inserting herself into every story, multiple drinks were warranted. Minutes passed and everyone broke into their own conversations while she tried to wrangle in her two friends. Ginny was far easier to manage than Pansy. "How long have you been dating Ron?" Cho's idea to ease the tension in an attempt to maintain a fragile peace was to turn the conversation back on Lisa and make her feel involved. A part of the group. Hermione wasn't certain it was the best plan, but the way both Pansy and Ginny were looking, a move needed to be made sooner rather than later before she forgot to be polite. "Officially? About a month." Lisa smiled, tucking her hair behind her ears. "It's going great. I honestly can't believe you broke up with him, Hermione, but that worked out for me in the end, didn't it?" There were varying degrees of silent reaction from everyone. Susan's eyes went wide with shock and Pansy sat straight in her seat. Ginny, Padma, and even Cho recoiled sharply. Hermione maintained her composure while preparing a mature statement about how sometimes things didn't work out or something else, anything that would end the topic once and for all. But one person at the table never gave her a chance. "One witch's trash can be another's treasure." Pansy glanced at her fingernails as if bored and pushed her dark hair over her shoulder, appearing as haughty as she could be when she put forth the effort. "Clearly this is the case." Ginny choked on her water and Lisa's expression went from snooty to irate. Hermione patted the redhead's back until she signalled she was okay. Cho and Padma exchanged a cringe while Susan looked out the windowÉ again. "Excuse me?" "Oh? You didn't hear me? Fine, I'll say it louÑ" Hermione kicked Pansy under the table, but instead of getting angry, she settled back with a cold smile. Lisa gripped her glass hard enough for it to shatter. "You've got some nerveÑ" "So do you." An unexpected voice interrupted the tirade that was about to be launched. All eyes fell on Susan, who was supremely unimpressed with being forced to speak more than intended. "Bringing up your boyfriend's very old relationship with Hermione is immature, tasteless, and, frankly, it's ruining my appetite." Her eyes darkened. "And I was looking forward to my extra bacon." Before anything else could be said, their food and drinks arrived, but it did nothing to clear the air of strain. Everyone ate in virtual silence and stilted looks; the only person who remained chipper was Pansy. Susan ate her bacon first, closing her eyes, still determined to enjoy the taste even though she glared across the table at Lisa. When the meal was over, a still fuming Lisa made excuses to leave and was gone before anyone could fake that they wanted her to stay. There was a collective sigh of relief around the tableÉ And then the swearing began. "Fuck." Ginny pinched the bridge of her nose. "I'm never going to hear the end of this from Ron." "Sorry that I'm not sorry." Pansy shrugged. "If she can't take the heat she gives off, she should stay out of the fire. She's a bitch and your brother is even more of an idiot than I thought for dating her." "Yeah, she was out of line." Cho drank her water. "Before you got here Hermione, she tried to give me unsolicited dating advice because her month-long relationship is so healthy." Cho's comment concluded with an uncharacteristic eye roll. "Don't start on the wedding comment." Padma groaned. "I forgot how much I hated her in school." She looked at Susan. "Why can't you date Ron, again? We at least like you." "I'm not his type." She half-shrugged her response. "Also Girl Code." Everyone laughed. Ginny even cracked a smile. "Respectable, but I'd make an exception to the rule." Pansy called for another drink. Water that time. "I'm just glad she's gone." Pansy straightened in her seat. "Now we can get down to actual business." Shite. Lisa's presence nearly made her forget about the ambush. "You're right." Ginny smiled and turned fully in her chair. Not looking at Hermione, but past her at the smug, dark-haired witch. "Pansy, you were awfully chipper when you arrived today." "You turncoat." Pansy's grin vanished and her eyes narrowed. "I'm more and more convinced that you should have gone Slytherin." "No, we'll get back to Hermione. It'll be far longer than this part, butÑ" "Lisa aside, regular cock has you much nicer, Pansy." Susan gave her a proper leer. Padma choked on air while Cho and Hermione laughed loudly. Ginny's face twisted into a cringe. "I set myself up for that, didn't I?" "Sure did!" Pansy looked impressed. "If I'd known you had such a potty mouth, I would have befriended you sooner." Susan did a mock curtsy in her chair. Meanwhile, the fact that Pansy didn't deny it seemed to dawn on everyone at the same time. "Wait, what?" Hermione jerked her head to the witch next to her. Ginny threw up her hands. "If we're about to talk about my brother's sex life, I'm out." "You've got three kids." Pansy scoffed. "Don't tell me you're too prudish to know that your brother fucks like aÑ" Ginny squawked and covered her ears while Pansy tossed her head back and laughed in pure joy at her discomfort. "Gods, where is Parvati when I need her?" "Work, unfortunately." Padma appeared truly relaxed for the first time all meal. "Lisa aside, she's going to hate she missed this." "Such a shame, but probably for the best." Pansy tapped her chin with her fingernail before turning her attention to Hermione. Her grin was downright devious. Luckily, the waitress returned and she ordered another mimosa for everyone who wanted one. Pansy asked for two. "I hate you so much," Hermione said once the woman was gone. Pansy gasped, feigning innocence. "I haven't said anything." "Yet." Ginny smirked while the others looked entertained about what they could possibly be bringing up about her. "Just get on with it." Hermione sighed. "I really don't have much to say. Just how is your stay going with the Malfoys?" "Fine." Easy enough. "They've been hospitable. The Ward Specialist will be at my house tomorrow so I'llÉ." She caught Ginny looking a bit too interested. "Comments?" "None, just an observation. You and Malfoy seem awfully close." Pansy's smugness started to fade as she folded her arms much like she did whenever she wanted to start prying things out of Hermione. Turning to the others for a little assistance, she found them all looking intrigued. And so it began. "We've formed an alliance of sorts over the last few weeks." Hermione sat back patiently waiting for the next attack. She was ready. Mostly. "He asked you to stay with his family, I'd say that's a little more than an alliance." "I'm his mother's Healer and Scorpius likes me." "Like?" Pansy scoffed. "You're his favourite person and I don't say that lightly. Scorpius never quite took to me." "You're annoying and you tease him. He hates that." "Okay, yes, but if you move more than expected, he's watching. He trails after you and don't think everyone didn't notice that he asked you for permission to go with Teddy." From the corner of her eye, she caught Ginny's nod in agreement and the surprised faces from the others. Pansy considered her for a moment. "Tell me this: how did you pass the time waiting for Draco to get home?" "Scorpius came down looking for him, I told him a story and we fell asleep. Malfoy woke me up when he arrived home and I took him back to bed." "Would have paid good money to see his face." Susan chuckled. "The yelling." "I doubt very much that there was yelling." Pansy gave her a probing look. "Was there?" "No, there wasn't." Hermione scowled. "We talked. I healed his shoulder." "What?" Pansy gaped at her. "You did what? And he let you? You're lucky Daphne is with Dean's parents this morning or she would be here with more questions." Pansy took an impatient breath. "No bullshit, Hermione. What's going on?" "Nothing." "Maybe not, but your entire attitude has changed," Padma pointed out. She shrugged when everyone looked at her. "What? Blaise talks." "Talks how exactly?" "He just says he's not seen Draco so agitated by a person outside of Harry in years and it's comical. Also, he says it's intense when you two are in the same room." Padma folded her arms casually. "I can see it. You're both very serious people." "We're just people." "He makes me nervous." Susan didn't look ashamed of her confession. Cho nodded in agreement but she seemed deep in thought as she listened. "At worst, he's rude. At best, he's unapproachable. But not to you. I saw the way you handled him and Harry after the raid." "It would make sense if you'd gotten close to him." Ginny rested a hand on her chair. "You see him every day. You're compromising and working with him. I saw you with him at dinner and it looks like you're helping with his son. It's only natural thatÑ" Hermione's throat was dry and she sipped her drink. "While I won't say that you're wrong, I will say that the art of compromise comes along with mutual respect, good intentions, and honesty." "Okay then, speaking of honesty, how do you feel about him?" Hermione had reached the point where a tactful answer was no longer an option. None of them would ever let up. But, sometimes, the best offense was a good defence and a good defence meant knowing when to fight and when to bide her time. "He'sÉ more complicated than he appears on the surface or on parchment. I don't dislike him, if that's what you're asking. I also won't deny that I find him aesthetically appealingÑ" Padma choked and sputtered on her drink, wheezing loud enough for everyone to look. "I'm fine," she gasped. Hermione helped her out with a silent charm and earned an appreciative smile. "I was not expecting that," Susan and Cho said simultaneously then looked at each other. "I was." Ginny's tone was just as smug as the expression on Pansy's face. "Same here." They high-fived over her head and Hermione gave them both dirty looks. "There's no possible way you both knew. I've only just realised it myself." "For fuck'sÑ" "That's because you didn't want to see it." Ginny looked supremely unimpressed as she cut Pansy off before she could start on her litany of swearing. "I told you after you snogged him Ñ" The other three were each having an existential crisis. "Wait a minute, what?" Padma held up her hands. "When?" Susan asked. "Why am I just finding out about this?" "Because Ginny just told you." Hermione's glare never left her friend. "Please don't tell me you're still in denial." Pansy made an aggravated noise. "If you are, I'll Ñ" "I just said I was attracted to him." Ginny gave a half-shrug. "It took you almost a month to get here, but you're always slower with your emotions than you are with your logic, so that's not entirely surprising. I do have one question: what do you plan to do about it?" That was the question of the entire month. "I'm not sure," Hermione confessed. "Trying not to be attracted to him doesn't seem to be workingÑ" "What?" That came from Susan. Loudly. "You can't just stop yourself from being attracted to someone." "Exactly!" That came from Pansy. "Hermione, IÑ" "You adore Scorpius," Ginny said before Pansy's temper got the best of her. "There's no way you can separate the two without feeling something for his father, at least in some capacity. Even if you don't want to. Scorpius is part of him. I can even see it. You won't be able to help it. You won't be able to stop it. It's already too late." Brunch concluded shortly after, and Ginny and Pansy rushed off to meet Harry at one of the properties they were considering. Hermione needed time to think and wanted to go for a walk in the park, but before she left, she went to the loo. Cho came in and joined her at the sinks while she was washing her hands. Odd, but there was no time to complete the thought when it became apparent she had something to say. Hermione turned off the water and went to dry her hands under the automatic dryer. Cho was still waiting for her when she finished. "A bit of friendly advice: you should be careful about involving yourself with Draco Malfoy." Where was this coming from? "You and I aren't exactly friends, but I'll bite." Hermione pressed her lips into a thin line and slipped her hands into her pockets. "You're right." Cho folded her arms. "We're not friends, but you're a compassionate person. I think we have that in common, and rather than watch you suffer in the long run, I'm trying to help you." That cleared nothing up so Hermione asked her most pressing question. "Are you involved with him?" "Not at all." The relief she felt was palpable. "If this is a warning about him because of our historyÑ" "Men who are as closed off as Draco Malfoy will never be available." Cho looked at herself in the mirror then down at her feet. "You won't win. No one can. Her memory will always be there." HerÉ "You can't compete with a ghost." July 25, 2011 Hermione was surprised to see Scorpius so soon after breakfast wearing an outfit she'd never seen before. He certainly hadn't been dressed like that for the oddly stilted meal. For the first time since the reunion dinner, every Malfoy had been seated around one table. It was a quiet affair, but Hermione had been more focused on the toll the change was having on Scorpius than the lack of communication. He'd managed to relax before remembering Narcissa was there and straightening in his seat. But that hadn't stopped Scorpius from doing something unexpected. Mid-meal, he'd moved his own seat between Hermione's and his father's. Malfoy was surprised, but once the little boy was settled and eating again, Hermione had realised why he'd done it. His new spot had put him out of his grandmother's sight line. Hermione had spent the rest of the morning trying to figure out how to help that situation. She had yet to come up with any viable solutions. Now, in his play clothes, Scorpius looked less like a schoolboy and more likeÑwell, a child. No one was more confused about it than him. She couldn't keep the smile off her face as Scorpius frowned at his printed shirt, jeans, and trainers. She welcomed Scorpius' arrival by squatting in front of him and signing a greeting he returned. "What are you doing down here?" Hermione absently double knotted his shoestrings. If he was anything like Albus, they wouldn't stay as they were. "You should be in lessons." "I have made some adjustments." Narcissa's voice carried from the kitchen. Scorpius tensed, reaching for her cardigan as Hermione turned to a witch that looked ready to garden, floppy hat and all. Hermione rose to her feet and felt a smaller hand slip into hers. "Oh?" "Yes, Scorpius is interested in plants and marvelled at your vegetable patch. I thought to incorporate that into his learning." Hermione was better at reading between Narcissa Malfoy's lines. It was easy enough to understand what she was saying and what she wasn't. Today's adventure had little to do with his interest in gardening and more to do with her attempt to begin connecting with her grandson. At least she had remembered that portion of their talk. Given Scorpius' unease, Hermione sincerely hoped Narcissa understood that one day wasn't going to fix everything, but judging from the determined look she caught her giving her grandson, it felt like she did. It felt like she wanted to build a bond similar to the ones he had with everyone else. She wanted to form her own memories with himÑbetter ones. "I know there are Aurors in the area around your home, but security will be coming with us. My sister and Teddy will meet us at your home to help as well." "I wasn't planning to garden today. I don't have the time I need." Hermione touched the end of her braid. "I have a meeting with a Ward Specialist in an hour." And Malfoy, but she left that part out. "You have not gardened in days, Miss Granger." Narcissa gave her a pointed look. "Not only is the weather pleasant today, but I would like to spend time with my sister. Teddy has been crawling up the walls to see Scorpius again and your vegetable patch is the perfect place to make all these things happen." She adjusted her hat. "Besides, it will need maintenance before tonight's storm. It will rain for days and it is best to prepare for that with proper weeding." Narcissa, unfortunately, had a point. Hermione had no choice but to acquiesce with a sigh. "Very well then." Scorpius thrived in sunlight and plenty of it greeted them in the vegetable patch. His body soaked every ray up like a dry sponge once Hermione turned him loose after slathering the appreciative child's arms, legs, and face with sunscreen. She put a pair of sunglasses Al had left behind on his face and his contemptuous frown was priceless. He abandoned them on the swing and trailed after Teddy on his trek to the greenhouse to gather fruit that was ready to be picked. While working, Hermione split her attention between the door of the greenhouse, as she waited for the cousins to emerge, and the Black sisters, who talked as they worked side by side. Andromeda wasn't fond of gardening, and it showed while they pulled weeds. She was there for her sister. Teddy and Scorpius exited from the greenhouse with a variety of fruits crammed in a basket. Hermione waved them over and Narcissa's eyes followed her grandson, who had stopped along the way, distracted. He began to go from plant to plant, pausing and taking a moment to observe, touch, and appreciate each one. "What do you need me to do next, Miss Hermione?" Teddy's question made her focus on the teenager standing in front of her. "The chickens need water and food." "Okay! I'll do it by myself. Scorpius is waiting for Al to see the chickens." Hermione nodded knowingly. She'd blocked the sound with a charm so as not to tempt him. When Teddy skipped off in the direction of where she kept the feed, she joined Scorpius at the potatoes. "Do you know what this is?" He pointed at the label and Hermione chuckled at herself for asking the silly question. Getting on her knees next to him, she dug into the earth and retrieved a potato that was ready. Scorpius was stunned, and his eyes widened more when she handed it to him. He looked amazed as he dusted the dirt off, as careful with it as everything else. "You can pull some more and we can eat them for lunch today, if you want." He was hesitant about the dirt, but once his hands were in it, Scorpius quickly got the hang of unearthing potatoes. A little too good. Hermione turned her back to see how Narcissa and Andromeda were doing, and by the time she returned, he'd pulled up a few too many. And was going for another one. "Ah, you've done wonderfully. I think we can let the rest of them sleep a little longer, okay, love?" The endearment slipped out without warning, as natural as the smile on her face when he went to pick them all up at once. Or tried to. Several of them fell and rolled away on the grass, stopping at the cobblestone walkway. Scorpius watched them roll then looked at her with a wild blush on his face. "Whoops." Still on her knees, Hermione reached for the ones that had escaped. "It's okay, you don't have to carry everything on your own. It's easier with help." She accepted the ones he gave her. Even though she easily could have summoned the basket, they walked the potatoes over to it and deposited them inside. She watched as Scorpius flexed his dirty fingers. She probably should have put gloves on him but he didn't seem to mind. Nevertheless, she cleaned his hands and found Albus' gloves for him to wear. Blue ones. Perhaps she would buy Scorpius gloves of his own, but these would do for today. Hermione turned when she felt eyes on them. Scorpius peeked around her before stepping back again but they both saw his grandmother looking. The frown that marred her face made Andromeda rest a hand on her sister's shoulder. Rewiring a connection was about relating new information to things that had already been learned. It would take more than one attempt and it wasn't up to her. It was up to Scorpius. Narcissa couldn't have it her way simply because it was something she wanted. But at its core, gardening was about connecting. Hermione cleared her throat. "Scorpius, you should go show your potatoes to your grandmother while I start weeding." Off he went, with slow, careful steps. He looked back twice. Narcissa perked up when she noticed him approaching with a potato in his hand. Hermione figured he would follow through and continued her task. She nearly jumped out of her skin when she casually glanced over only to find Scorpius right beside her. Just as quiet a walker as his father. He'd made his decision. Hermione gave Narcissa an empathetic look; she seemed resigned. But she wouldn't force him. And that was what mattered. They moved to the carrots next, where Scorpius squatted to have a closer peek, before he got distracted by looking everywhere else, seemingly noticing all the colour and life around him. Scorpius had seen it before, it wasn't new, but Hermione tried to look at it from his perspective. She wanted to see what he was seeing and feel what he was feeling. His eyes lifted to the sky and hers went, too. Blue skies and clouds and the warmth of the sun. When people felt they were missing something, they often went into nature to find it. That was what she'd done. And maybe that was what Scorpius was doing on the days he basked in the sun during his breaks. Finding what he was missing. "Do you like it here?" Her question drew Scorpius' attention from the heavens. She joined him on her knees, sitting back on her legs as she brushed a bit of fringe from her own face with a gloved hand. The nod Scorpius gave her was naturally him: warm and contagious. "We've got a few carrots ready to harvest, are you ready?" It earned her an apprehensive look. "Just like before, I'll show you." Scorpius shifted closer. "You have to loosen the soil with this." She picked up the trowel, showing him the tool before using it to break up the dirt around one carrot. "Then, once you're done, you can grip it right here at the stem and pull." She did just that, freeing a carrot from the dirt while Scorpius looked on with wide eyes. As soon as he dropped it in the basket, a task he'd taken upon himself, Scorpius ended up back at her side, watching as she broke up the dirt around the others in the row. "Your turn." There was a bit of worry in his expression, but he followed as Hermione drew him in, positioned mostly behind the little boy who concentrated on his task. Her head was right next to his as she guided his hands, making sure he was gripping the vegetable in the right place. "Now pull." Scorpius did and his little gloved hands uprooted an impressive carrot. Then he beamed at herÑall dimples and teeth and joyÑand Hermione found her smile fading. Her heart stumbled after him as she watched him rush back to the basket to deposit his harvest. It reminded Hermione of her tomatoes. The first time she picked them off the vine and gorged on them with Neville. Her first harvest of many. A moment so clear she could carry the memory with her through each success and setback as she built the world around her. One that he was now in. Scorpius rushed back and started on the next one while Hermione looked on. Her heart was full. He was so young; maybe he would remember it, maybe he wouldn't. But she would always remember this as the exact moment she truly understood what Neville had said. There were different ways to love someone, just like there were different intensities of love. And no, she didn't have to be a parent to feel it. As a lifelong student, Hermione continued to move forward in her understanding that the beauty of learning was the notion of philosophy, perspective, and the ability to find a newfound respect for varying concepts. Like Draco Malfoy's competence. It was something she already knew about him, a detail of his personality she had long since worked out and witnessed in various capacities. Seeing it in action today was different, but that had more to do with it being focused on her. Or rather, her home. By the end of the hour, everything was arranged with far more ease than she had expected. And though he remained a silent figure beside her, Hermione suspected Malfoy had a lot to do with it outside of scheduling. She just hadn't worked out the details. Anthony Goldstein was the Ward Specialist Malfoy had summoned. The three of them walked the border of her wards and formulated a plan for their expansion and strengthening. Goldstein's team was already set and ready to scrub Mathers' magical signature from the grounds, and the entire process would take a week. By the end of the meeting everything was slated to start after the incoming storm passed. Easy enough. Anthony left with a small pop to prepare. Hermione and Malfoy remained alone on the far end of her property, just inside the forest. The tall trees dwarfed them on all sides, blocking them from the sun. She hadn't been back here in ages and she touched the trunk of the trees they passed while Malfoy surveyed the area. The decision to walk back was made silently. "Thank you for setting this up." They emerged from the trees and into the clearing where her home was in sight. "I know it's more to do with the safety of your family while they're here, but stillÑ" "It's not a hardship." Several minutes passed in a physical silence that assailed her ears. Cordial but oddly tense in a way that made Hermione want to fill it with something. Words didn't feel right. It was hard to believe a storm was coming. The warm sun, fresh summer air, and stark beauty of the land around them all coalesced to create a unique ambiance. She wanted to feel alone, but she couldn't seem to manage it when she was so keenly aware of the man beside her. The man who both blended in and stood out. Loud yet silent. Clear yet convoluted. Malfoy's focus remained fixed on the approaching outline of her house while his fingers brushed against hersÑnot once but twiceÑbefore he clasped them behind his back. "Are you staying for lunch?" She curled her hand into a fist and brought it to her chest. "No." Malfoy looked at her for the first time. "Unfortunately, I can't. I have meetings for the rest of the day and status reports from my team to review. Percy is also about to start testing some of the laws he's found on the Wizengamot." "Is itÑ" "Not the ones I've been translating but ones that might help the situation in Diagon Alley." Ah, the fact that Tiberius was bleeding the vendors dry with high rent due to his questionable lease agreements. They were more than halfway back to the house and Hermione found herself wondering if they had time to finish their conversation. "I'm surprised you're involving yourself in it." "I'm not." Malfoy looked over her head then back. "I'm merely putting an ear out on the results for Percy, who can't be involved whatsoever." "He's boldly poking a hornet's nest." "Vendors are emboldened by the recent blunders of the Wizengamot. They no longer see them as invincible. Not to mention, rumours of your return to the Ministry are reaching people's ears. Kingsley's, as well." Hope was the word that hung heavy in the air, but Malfoy never uttered its name. "Have you spoken to him about it?" "Not yet," Hermione admitted. "Have you talked to your mother about Muggle care?" Annoyance flitted across his face. "I've tried once already with no success. I've set time tonight to try again." Malfoy was tense, his face contemplative, and he said nothing more for the rest of the walk. They returned to a fully weeded vegetable garden and everyone in the conservatory prepared to sit for a meal Andromeda had prepared. When Malfoy stepped into the room behind her, his presence was a welcomed surprise for all, especially Scorpius. Teddy's hair spiked white before fading to a pleasant blue. "I didn't realise you were here, Draco." Narcissa tilted her head to the side and pursed her lips. "I was just facilitating the meeting with the Wards Specialist." His response was as dry as it was curt. "I won't be staying for lunch, unfortunately. I have matters to tend to at work." Scorpius' smile faded slightly, as did Teddy's, strangely enough. Andromeda nodded. "Hermione, be a love and pack him a meal to go." She did so quickly, and was just finishing when Scorpius emerged from the conservatory, arms bursting with fruits and vegetables he'd picked that day. Tangerines and tomatoes from the greenhouse. Carrots and potatoes from outside. He dropped a few along the way, and when he unconsciously mouthed what looked like oops, she and Malfoy exchanged shocked looks. Scorpius had no free hands to sign, but he stood in front of his dad with humble offerings. His face was open and hopeful, albeit lined with silent worries she hoped would continue to fade with time and care. Malfoy kneeled before his son. "Are these for me?" Scorpius nodded, cheeks a bit ruddy from the attention. The raw potatoes weren't yet edible and the tangerines had been casualties of Scorpius' full arms, but Malfoy took them all, relieving his son of the haul. He didn't even flinch as his son handed over both the tomatoes and carrots. His customary black wardrobe hid most things, but Hermione could see the specks of dirt that stood out from the unwashed vegetables. He didn't seem to mind in the least. Hermione barely caught Malfoy's low words of appreciation. "Thank you." Molly always listened to the Wireless while knitting Christmas sweaters and Hermione smiled at the familiar sight when she stepped out of the fireplace. "Sorry for being too early for dinner." "Oh, hush." Mrs Weasley rose to her feet and hugged her close. The room was comfortable, full of furniture and trinkets Hermione was used to seeing after countless visits. It smelled like dinner was nearly done and it made her nostalgic for another time. An ache tugged at her heart hard enough to nearly bring tears to her eyes. It was a close call, but she held it together. She closed her eyes and inhaled. Home. Family. She exhaled. Something like longing welled inside of her. Want. Hermione had her own family but things weren't like this. Meals weren't as comfortable and conversation wasn't as easy. Everything was still tense or they would be if her mother stopped cancelling their dinners and making excuses. Hermione was too busy to let that problem bother her so when it crept up in her mind, she held on longer than usual, tighter, and Molly said nothing. She just rested her hand on the back of Hermione's head and didn't let go until she was ready. "How are you, my love?" Molly cupped her jaw and Hermione leaned into the touch, still feeling odd. And though her voice cracked, Hermione still insisted that she was fine. "You're always fine, Hermione." There was worry in her voice, on her face, and in the sad smile curving her lips. "I do wish you would tell someone when you aren't. Even in the little moments like now." "I'm fine, really. Just a moment. It's been a long couple of months." "I bet. Still not sleeping enough, are you?" Molly tsked, drawing her towards the sofa and clearing everything with a wave of her hand before they both sat. "I can always tell, you know. It's in your eyes." "It always takes me a few days to settle when I'm sleeping away from home, but I'm adjusting." "Oh that's right, you're staying with the Malfoys. Ginny told me." "At least for the next week." Before Molly could ask, Hermione offered. "The woods around my home were searched and nothing was found. Aurors are still canvassing the area, but my wards are being expanded and strengthened. It'll take a week after the storm passes for them to finish soÉ" "Have you told your parents?" "I'm supposed to have dinner with them on Friday. I'll tell them then." Or she would if her mother didn't keep cancelling. "Things have beenÉ awkward with my mother. We got into an argument." It was a steep understatement. "Ron told me." Molly squeezed her hands. "Told me about his role in it, too. It was wrong of him to do that knowing how you felt and I told him as much. I think he's gotten the message and moved on to a woman named Lisa. I met her night before last. She'sÉ" Her words were chosen very carefully, but her subtle opinion was clear. "Well, she's very pretty." "She is." "But she won't be here tonight for dinner. Just us, Arthur, Harry, Ginny, and Ron because he's too lazy to cook for himself." Hermione laughed at the truth in the statement. Things with Ron were a bit awkward, but she decided not to let it sour the evening. "Need any help?" "No." Mrs Weasley gave her a motherly smile, tucking a curl behind her ears. "You've been busy, I hear. Come and relax for tonight. Don't worry about helping anyone except yourself to what I'm making, which you'll love. Forget work and your garden, just enjoy yourself." "I can do that." "Now, let me make you a cup of teaÉ" The next set of hours passed in the blink of an eye. Hermione spent part of the afternoon with Arthur in the shed as he tinkered with his latest haul of Muggle trinkets, and when Ginny arrived from work, they talked to the children on the phone. Hermione stepped away but not before overhearing her friend's plans to retrieve them in two weeks. "We found a house," Ginny announced when she joined Hermione outside. She moved in front of the unlit firepit and handed Hermione a bottle of Sheppy's before sitting beside her. It was cloudier now than it had been when she'd arrived; an early sign of a change in weather. Hermione was relaxed, enjoying the breeze and the peace that came from having nothing to do. "That's excellent!" "Al and James won't have to share a room anymore, which will make them both happy. We're signing everything tomorrow and Pansy's dragging me to shop for furniture this weekend. Why don't you come with us?" "Okay, but the moment one of you starts yelling, I'm leaving." "That's fair." Ginny chuckled, sipping from her cider. "Pansy's been invaluable during the search. I think it's just as well since she's with Percy now. Who would have thought?" "I'm not surprised by any of that. It wasÉ instant." "I won't lie. I have my reservations. Pansy has issues that stem from her marriageÑ" At the surprised look on Hermione's face, Ginny shrugged. "Yes, I know about it." That was news. "We do talk independently of you. I only know as much as she'll tell me, but her ex-husband sounds like a wanker of the highest order. I can understand why she hates rigid men, why she has a need for control, and why she won't accept certain behaviours. Percy has some of those characteristics, but not all. He'll never be controlling to the point where she can't take a breath without his permission, but he is rigid and particular about the way he wants things done. I can see the issues, I can see the differences they'll have to work through, but I also know they're adults and it'll sort itself out. At least, I think it will. I hope." "He's more determined than I've seen from him in the past." Hermione brought the bottle to her lips. "Not sure how he just knows she's someone he wants to cast his lot on, but he does, and he hasn't wavered." Ginny chuckled. "When you know, you know." "Yes, but that's not an excuse for rushing into anything." Given the bits of information she knew, their escalation was sharp for such a short amount of time. "Percy is incapable of rushing into anything." The redhead crossed her legs. "He's good at calculation and does it quickly. Just because you move at a glacial rate doesn't mean that you're necessarily making the best decision by waiting until every option is considered, weighed, and organised by category." "I'm not that bad." Ginny cut her eyes at her. "You are." "IÑ" "Hermione, you knew the instant you wanted to break up with Ron, but waited anotherÉ what three years? That's insane. I told you that repeatedly but you never listened." "I had to be certain it wasn't my anger talking." "Your fight with your mother. Have you dealt with that?" "I would if my mother stopped ignoring my calls and cancelling our dinners." "Fine, circling back. Remember when you kept trying to have a one night stand for the experience. Did you ever try?" "No, I was consideringÑ" "My point exactly. You didn't just pick the first bloke you saw, make your move, and do it. But that probably has more to do with your anxiety taking form in your tendency to overthink." Ginny said it as casually as one would remark about the quality of a meal they'd had countless times. "You won't take a risk. You won't experiment." Apparently, everyone had an opinion on the subject. "I have experimented with brewing withoutÑ" "That's nice. Try experimenting with something outside of your pursuit of knowledge." Hermione squinted at her friend. "This feels like a pep talk or an interrogation. I can't decide which." "It's neither." Ginny waved a hand. "The point I'm making is that there's balance in everything. What works for Percy doesn't always work for you, despite your similarities. But you shouldn't look to Percy as a guide for your own actionsÑor inactions. Do what works for you. Figure it out. Follow your instinct, at least as it pertains to your feelings." "Still feels like a lecture." "Be glad Pansy isn't here or it would be a fight and I'm firmly on her side in this matter." Before she could say anything else, Ginny gave her a piercing look. "I know what you're doing, Hermione, because I know you. You're trying to minimise your thoughts and feelings rather than sort and navigate through them. Logical, yes, and it might have worked before, but bloody hell you're about to make this far harder than it has to be. I guess that's who you are." She patted Hermione's hand and went back to the house for more cider, laughing all the way. Ginny's words remained at her side, stuck on a repeated loop and doomed to live in a part of her mind that existed without time. Hermione rolled her eyes and settled back in her chair, allowing the ambiance of life outside the Burrow to lull her: the smell of the grass beneath her feet, the sound of the breeze touching the flowers and trees in the field, caressing her face. When Ginny returned, she had Harry with her. Cider in hand, he sat on the ground in front of his wife's chair, resting his head on her thigh. She tousled her husband's messy hair, making it worse. "How was your day?" "Had the third inquiry for the Godric's Hollow attack. No warning. At this point they're just trying to find any mistake to blame on Malfoy, but there is none." Harry's comment made sense, especially given all the fuss Hermione had kicked up in her defence of the man. "Tiberius is expanding his inquiries after the Wizengamot session today." "What happened?" "The owner of Flourish and Blotts filed for a hearing concerning unfair rental prices." Hermione listened without input. "And they didn't squash him like a bug?" Ginny furrowed her brows. "WhatÑ" "Can't." Harry corrected, sounding a bit giddy. "He came in quotingÑor readingÑlaws, and when Tiberius demanded that he tell him who'd given him legal advice, he refused. They can't compel him to reveal his source. After a recess, I heard that they came back and gave him a date for another hearing. September third. He'll be interrogating Percy's department for sure." "True. Not a lot of time for Percy toÑ" They both looked at Ginny in surprise. "What? Was I supposed to pretend I didn't know my brother was running an underground rebellion to restore power to the Minister in time for the next election?" "How did you know?" Harry looked stunned. "I found out before the Inquiry after the Wizengamot murders." "This is why I'm still perfect on: Guess Which Child Did This?" She patted his shoulder and shook her head. "I've known all year." Hermione laughed while Harry glared at his wife, but her amusement drew his attention. "You don't look shocked." Harry tilted his head. "Did you know before the Inquiry?" "That he was part of it? Yes. That he was running it? I became suspicious in May. My only surprise that night was that Malfoy was translating old wizarding laws to figure out if there was one to topple the Wizengamot's rule." "What?" Hermione tried not to laugh at the visual of Ginny gaping at her husband who just grinned, happy he finally knew something his wife didn't. "Malfoy can speak and read at least three dead languages." Hermione finished her cider and placed the empty bottle next to her chair. "His background has been beneficial in that aspect." "Never know when you'll need dead languages to bring down corruption." Ginny giggled. "With the hearing that far out, it'll be plenty of time for Tiberius to launch a counter." "He won't have time for it." Ginny smirked. "Parvati told me that Rita Skeeter is no longer letting him block reporting on what happened in Godric's Hollow." Likely born from whatever backroom deal she had made with Percy. "It'll be on the front page in the morning. From what I've seen of the article, it won't just cover Godric's Hollow. They're planning to report on every incident the Wizengamot has forced them to keep quiet." Hermione whistled. "He won't have time to face the small fires when a much larger one is spreading." The fire of change. Dinner passed with ease, laughter, and companionship at a volume that came with eating with the Weasleys, even though so many weren't there. She sometimes missed the noise when she ate alone. The food, as always, was delicious and Hermione enjoyed every bit of it. After, they returned outside to the firepit Ron lit before sitting between Harry and Hermione. Ginny came out with two bottles of cider in each hand. Hermione declined, too full to drink, but Ron took hers as well as his own. "Have you figured out what you're wearing for Pansy's birthday party?" Ginny asked. "You mean the Austen themed Regency extravaganza?" Hermione mocked in dramatic fashion that made Ginny bark out a laugh. Pansy was so over the top with her parties, but she had to admit they were memorable. "What?" Harry blinked in confusion. "I think I'm going to dress as Anne Eliot from Persuasion. Something simple and light." "Harry and I are going dressed as Jane and Bingley." That was quite fitting. "We are?" Harry appeared supremely confused, giving Ron a look that earned him an open-armed shrug in return. "UmÉ who are they?" Ginny hushed her husband with a finger pressed to his lips. "Shhh, just go with it." "Okay?" Poor Harry had no idea what he was in for. "I should ask Lisa if she wants to go." Ron said it with a slight wince, more to himself than anyone else. "Although, as angry as she was about brunch, I'm not sure if she'll want to come." "Or that Pansy will want her there." Hermione could see exactly how that would go. "I have no idea why you're dating her." Ginny apparently couldn't hold her tongue after a few bottles of cider. "She's a nightmare." "She's not so bad." Ron shrugged before chugging the rest of his drink. "At least she likes me." "That's not a good enough reason to date someone, for fuck'sÑ" "Not today." Harry covered his wife's mouth before she got started. It earned him a bitter glare. Then she bit his hand, which made him snatch it back, wincing. "Now I know where Lily gets it from." Ginny looked awfully smug. Harry rolled his eyes back to Ron. "I'm surprised you're going. You don't like her at all and it's mutual." "All my friends will be there and I was invited." Ron shrugged. "What?" Hermione was surprised he'd been invited at all. "How did you get your invite?" "Percy. Though I still don't understand what he sees in her." Before either she or Ginny could speak up, Harry gave a half shrug. "You don't have to get it, but you'll need to respect it." Upon her return after eight, Hermione expected the house to be quiet. But it wasn't. Keating was on the sofa, looking worse for wear, and from one breath to the next, Hermione's adrenaline surged at the thought that something had happened while she was away. But the feeling simmered when she realised everything was fine. She hadn't been summoned, after all. All in all, it was a dizzying rise and fall that left Hermione feeling nauseous. "Everything okay?" Keating only pointed. Hermione stepped to the right andÑwell, the sight gave her pause. Two Malfoys were embroiled in a heated debate in the room just off the living area. The silent argument, thanks to privacy charms, was fraught with the tension that escaped through the cracks and spaces of the glass door, reforming into something neither she nor Keating could ignore. Malfoy's gestures were big and angry while Narcissa's were dismissive. "How long have they been in there?" "An hour." Hermione sucked in a gasp. There was only one fight that would last that long. Their discussion on Muggle intervention didn't appear to be going well, judging by Malfoy's visible frustration. It only got worse with every impatient breath his mother took. When she rolled her eyes and waved her hand, he'd had enough. What came out of his mouth next seemed to shake Narcissa from her apathy. Hermione held her breath, watching as the older witch stepped towards her son. Now she wanted to talk, but he was finished. Done. What came next appeared to upset Narcissa more than anything he'd said before. Whether by accident or on purpose, the privacy charm ended and both Hermione and Keating heard their next words. "Ñbeyond angry." Malfoy's voice sounded raw and it triggered Hermione's memory, reminding her of the night they'd argued not too long ago. "I'm fucking furious and IÑ" Malfoy took an audible breath, and much like that night, everything about him shifted and simmered. Within seconds, his face had returned to its default blank slate. Was he Occluding again? "Fine." His word held no tone, which was a problem in itself. "Good night." "I've repeatedly told Miss Granger that this is not the course I want to take, but youÑ" "Then fire her right now." He took a step towards his mother, eyes colder than his words. "You're wasting everyone's time and I'm finished wasting mine. I said good night." Although visibly upset, Narcissa looked at him like one would a petulant child before gracefully leaving through another door. Malfoy walked to the desk, but instead of sitting, he hesitated. After taking a breath and running a rough hand through his hair, Hermione could see the cords of tension in him pulling tighter and tighter until they snapped and Malfoy swiped all the papers off the table in a single move. Hermione was frozen to the spot as parchment and paper went flying. Once the final piece of paper fluttered to the ground, he stood, collected himself once again, and looked up. Hermione and Keating leapt into action, splitting up. She stumbled into the kitchen, still thrumming from the sheer amount of emotion in his voice. With nowhere to go, Keating picked up the book she'd abandoned some time ago and pretended to read. Malfoy exited the room, offered a terse good night to Keating, and stopped short at the sight of her. "How did I know you wouldn't be far away." Not a question but a statement. A grim one. Keating walked between them, making a hasty exit with her book tucked to her chest. They both watched her go before their eyes met again. Hermione folded her arms. "I just got back from dinner with the Weasleys. I didn't intend to overhear your conversation." Hermione didn't make it more than two steps from him when Malfoy's voice halted her. "Don't we have time scheduled to research tonight?" "Yes, but I'm sure you need to decompress after that. I usually bake or organise, but lately I've tried my hand at brewingÑ" "With books." Obviously he was trying to start an argument; his tone wasn't light or chiding like before. Perhaps the nice night she'd had with her friends and surrogate family had settled something inside of her because Hermione felt oddly patient and understanding of his shitty mood. She paid it no mind and made a conscious decision not to fight back. It took effort. "Now that I think about it, I do need to brew next month's Wolfsbane for Padma." She angled her body towards his. "Given the state of things around my home, I could use the company." He didn't answer right away, nor did he step closer. At least, not at first. No, Malfoy had a different question in mind. "How do you acquire the volume of powdered silver necessary to make so much?" "I purchase whatever our department's budget can't afford each month. Daphne and Blaise find all the ingredients I can't grow." "That's expensive." "It's worth it." "I suppose my mother's salary goes to your efforts." "Yes, but I've been doing this long before your mother, and I'll do it after." Basic human rights and common decency were not afforded to them due to their condition and the loopholes in the laws. It was what they deserved. "Until Wolfsbane is readily available and affordable, this is what I'm going to do. They are people first, and every person deserves a chance." "Not everyone uses their chances wisely." "They didn't ask for this to happen to them." Hermione pushed her hands into the pockets of her jeans, not at all knowing what to do with them. Instinct and proximity dragged her in one direction while logic and actual sanity kept her rooted to the spot. Just out of reach. "They're victims of circumstances they had no control over. Until things change, this is their only option." Then she became bolder. "The same would apply to your mother." "I've done what we agreed upon." His face tightened in a grimace. "I've now tried twice." "Yes, you have." Their eyes met and Hermione held her ground under his glare. "But perhaps you should take your own advice andÉ use a lighter touch." Heavy silence settled between them, thickening by the second, before they glanced away. She felt unsettled by the exchange, rocking back on her heels. "Maybe we could talk to her together when everyone's tempers have cooled." Malfoy scoffed. "It might work, it might not, but give her some time to think about what you've said before we try a different way." "And what way is that? You haven't been able to convince her yet." "Neither have you, but we could tackle the problem together." He looked off to the side and she purposefully stepped into his line of sight. "Think about it while you show me what makes your potions superior to mine." Draco Malfoy had been in her brewing room once before. Almost two months ago, which boggled her mind. So much had changedÉ. But some things hadn't. Like the way he moved as though he'd been there every day sinceÑa strange familiarity with her space. Confident, which was apropos of him, but not overly so or in a way that grated her nerves. There was just a mindfulness about him. He was keenly aware of the fact that this was not his space. The fact that he touched nothing felt more like respect than anything. Hermione gathered each glass jar of ingredients to make Wolfsbane, levitating them from the shelf to the work bench. She kept a considerate eye on him, but Malfoy knew where everything was, which spoke not just to his memory, but his acute attention to detail and interest in the room itself. He looked at her stores from top to bottom and frowned. "You've rearranged." Not a question. He knew it for fact. "A few weeks ago, yes." Hands behind his back, Malfoy continued raking his eyes over everything. The lack of criticism felt almost like praise. For the next fifteen minutes, Hermione watched as he prepared. It was clear they would be doing things his way tonight. And that wasÉ Well, Hermione hadn't quite found the words, too busy watching as he moved about the room. Having brewed countless potions in here over the years, she knew and trusted her equipment, but he didn't. Like any careful potions maker, he meticulously checked everything. The cauldron he selected. The knives he wiped. The bowls he stacked by size. The scale he rebalanced. The cutting board he recleaned. Nothing missed his scrutiny. Not even her. "You should prepare." Hermione felt a spark of indignation at his words, but washed her hands anyway while he continued his examination. When she looked over her shoulder, Malfoy was removing his tie with skilful fingers. A practical choice, really. Accidents could happen. Heat rushed through her veins when he then loosened the cufflinks on his black shirt and rolled each sleeve to his elbows. First his right, revealing lean muscles, then the left. Dragon scales and colour swirled up his arm. He wasn't hiding tonight. While that made for a wildly attractive sight, it was his meticulous stoicism that drew her attention. The deeper statements he made with smaller actions. His confidence. His competence. They were all little bits of trust he'd put in her. The thought made Hermione splash a bit of tepid water on her face for good measure, drying it with a few gentle pats. "Are you finished?" Malfoy was directly behind her, his voice low. Startled and blown off-course, Hermione jumped and her knee jerked hard, colliding with the door of the cupboard. She suppressed her pained groan by biting the inside of her cheek. "Yes." Ignoring the odd look he gave as she passed him on her way to the cauldron, she waited until she was certain he wasn't paying attention to rub her knee. The sound of running water made her move, gathering the final few things they needed. Hermione placed her wand next to his on the worktop just as the water turned off, and she ran her finger down the well-worn page of her potions book. Malfoy joined her side just as she was reading step one. He snagged the book from the stand in a quick motion, picking it up and tossing it over his shoulder without looking. She watched as notes flew out from between various pages before it landed on the floor across the room. Hermione gave him a bored look. "That was unnecessary." "I believe the purpose of this was to see the way I brew, and I don't do it with books." He looked too smug for his own good. "Especially not when I've already memorised the potion." "Why have you memorised the recipe for Wolfsbane?" "You're not the only one with experience with lycanthropes." Pressing his lips into a thin line, he picked up her jar of powdered silver. "Voldemort wasn't the only terrible houseguest we had that year." Greyback. "Hard to believe he voluntarily took the potion, but I suppose he was of no use to anyone if he couldn't be controlled." Hermione fought the shiver crawling down her spine. "I'd imagine he was a danger to everyone even without the potion considering the savage beast he already was outside the full moon, too." "Have you met him, Granger?" She thought about the howls she heard nearly every full moon. A meeting was beginning to feel inevitable. Numb to the prospect of the deadly interaction, perhaps her attitude about it really was careless. It was coming. She could feel it. "I've come close. I threw him off Lavender, but it wasn't enough to save her." Lavender had died days later from injuries no amount of magic could heal. Parvati had been devastated. Though dormmates with them both, Hermione hadn't been close to either during their time at school, but when she'd helped Parvati pack Lavender's trunk, their friendship had sprouted. From the comfort provided in a grieving embrace as Parvati mourned, it grew deeper with the care she'd handled each of Lavender's things. All night Hermione had listened to story after story of a girl she'd never truly known enough to dislike the way she had. And Hermione deeply regretted that she hadn't bothered to learn when she'd had the chance. "IÉ" Malfoy was watching her a little too closely. In that instant, something clicked. "How long have you known about Greyback stalking me?" There was a shift in his eyes. She was right. "Since the interrogations of the intruders. One said something that made me curious, so I pressed." It didn't sound all that legal but now clearly wasn't the time to argue morality. Three days. That was how long he'd sat on the information, just waiting for the right moment. It was a move so quintessentially him that Hermione almost laughed. She probably would have, had her stomach not been too busy twisting in knots. She braced herself for an argument that didn't come. "I thought you'd have more to say." His eyebrow rose. "Such as?" "I thought you would be angry." Malfoy was quiet for several minutes as he checked every ingredient for quality before deeming it all sufficient. "It's smart that very few people know." A silent spell gathered her scattered notes and the book he'd tossed, and a second one sent them back to the bookshelf. "Information like that coupled with the knowledge of the location of your home is dangerous in the wrong hands." "I'm aware, just like I'm aware that if my wards had failed, we would be having a different conversation right now." Or not one at all. Malfoy didn't confirm or deny, but the more Hermione thought about his reaction, the more sense she made of his presence earlier. The way he had seemed to survey the land as if committing it to memory. He wanted to ensure the safety of his family. She couldn't fault him for that. "We're all under the same threat, especially with Greyback." Malfoy's jaw tensed. "Though he has no qualms in turning adults, he has a preference for children. The younger the better. They're easier to groom." Hermione stiffened at the thought. "It's something I keep in mind while I'm working, but he remains one of the threats I hope to eliminate before they find us." "I wasn't hiding it. IÑ" "Up until recently, this was none of my concern. But that has changed." Hermione tried to swallow around the lump in her throat, eyeing the row of glass jars, but Malfoy wasn't finished. "How long has he been stalking you?" "A few months after he broke out of Azkaban." There was no reason to lie. "I will admit it's gotten worse lately. I can hear his howls near my home nearly every full moon, but he hasn't come close to my wards. The intruders were closer than anyone had ever been before and they were tracking Mathers' blood, which was a fluke, really." "Goldstein was impressed with your warding, if you must know. He thinks they're solid on their own and the additions are merely added security barriers." "Good to know." That made her feel better. Malfoy placed the powdered silver aside, easily handling the first ingredient they would need: myrrh. Hermione, meanwhile, began creating the base for the potion on her sideÑa task that didn't take long. "The summer with Greyback was almost nice in comparison to how he is now." Malfoy's confession startled Hermione and she nearly lost track of what she was doing. "I-I've heard stories from Padma. There's a host of people he's bitten outside the full moon." "As well as those he's bitten during the full moon. Many don't survive the transformation. Muggles and wizards alike. Anyone in the wrong place at the wrong time was hunted down like prey by Greyback and the lycanthropes under his thrall." Hermione tensed. She doubted Padma or anyone at St Mungo's knew about that. "Yet another thing the Ministry has buried to hide their incompetence and inability to handle a problem that has been terrorising the community for years." Malfoy must have sensed her surprise without even looking at her. "He's gone insane, as you know. You're also probably aware that more wolves are leaving his side than joining." "Why is that?" "He's more wolf than man." That much she knew from the victims who had survived. The scarring on their face and neck and chest made it look as though he was trying to tear them to pieces. How they survived, Hermione could explain with a detailed explanation of Lycanthropy, but the pain they went through? That she couldn't imagine. "Like a dog with a taste for blood, he won't stop until someone puts him down." He was weighing the powdered silver. Less than what she used. Hmm. Hermione picked up her wand and started a low fire. Everything was now in place for him to add the active ingredients. She continued to watch as Malfoy worked. He looked relaxed as he double checked the scale, set aside the powdered silver, and began working carefully with the aconite after putting on gloves to protect him from the plant's harmful side-effects. "You speak as if you'll be the one to do it." "I don't have a death wish." Malfoy gave her a hard look before returning to his task. "I'll leave him to Potter or someone equally as stupid or brave, but I doubt they will do much. They'll want to arrest him, which is futile. Nothing short of a Killing Curse will bring about peace." "I'm certain you can muster up a Killing Curse." Silence fell as he measured out the exact amount of aconite needed for the potion. Nothing was heard beyond the crackle of fire beneath the cauldron and the quick rhythm of the knife. He chopped and minced the leaves, and then did the same with the giant moonwort. "Actually, I cannot." Malfoy's comment was spoken as casually as though they were discussing the weather in the middle of a heatwaveÑa resigned, almost bored sort of drawl. Hermione treated it like the confession it was, blinking wildly at the man as he measured the moonwortÑnotably more than what her recipe called for. "Turn down the heat, Granger, or it will burn." She did just that, but revisited the topic after several silent minutes. "Never?" "No." His response was firm as he continued to work. "Have you?" "No, but I'm not an Auror. The law statesÑ" "I imagine it gets easier with added use, but the first time you cast it you have to really mean it. It requires pure hatred, the likes of which, despite my history, I've never been able to muster." He rose to his full height. "You'll need to step aside so I can work." And she did so, still blinking at him dumbly. While Malfoy brewed, Hermione let his words weigh on her mind. She had always assumed differently. She'd thought that he had at some point, which went to show that no matter what she thought about him, she had yet to fully understand him. There was still a way to go. But, unlike before, Hermione was beginning to realise that she was in no rush to solve the riddle because each part of himself he unveiled only made her want to know more. Malfoy was fascinating, much like the night sky: mysterious, but strangely gentle and terrifying all the same. The feeling that she'd been pulling at for days squirmed in her stomach once more as she catalogued the contours of his face, appreciating the deep concentration involved in his efforts. But the moment she stopped fighting it, all she could think about was wanting to know more. To dig deeper. Keep peeling him back. Malfoy was complicated, yes, but oddly relatable. Every bit as cagey and frustrating as ever, but human in his struggles and capable of growthÑjust like anyone else. Hermione found herself wanting to understand less about how he operated, less about his identity, and more about who he was as a person. As a man. What else did he like? Who was he outside of work and duty to his family? Identity was more than a name, more than history, and more than a list of qualities that made Draco Malfoy who he was. Yes, it was all of that and then some, butÑ "I'm surprised you haven't asked me any questions yet." "Like why you've reduced the amount of pulverized black quicksilver and why you've increased the myrrh as well as the giant moonwort." She looked at him from across the cauldron. "I was being patient. I am capable of that sometimes." "Are you?" Malfoy's eyes bore into her, gripping her attention for the span of two heartbeats. He cleared his throat. "In the event that you're running low on either, the potion works based, not just on aconite, but the delicate balance between these two ingredients. Too little black quicksilver or too much and it renders the potion ineffective. I've tested out exactly how little it needs to work, down to the gram. And the adjustments call for more moonwort for stabilisation purposes. It won't need to simmer as long, but it'll need the same amount of time to settle and ferment." "Who taught you to do that?" Hermione doubted he had much time to experiment with anything during school with all the death and carnage and war happening. "I did spend the summer with Snape. He taught me a great deal." "HeÑtaught you?" "Before we returned to Hogwarts, yes. I spent most of that year disconnected. Brewing." She wondered if and when he'd reconnected with anything. Or anyone. That reflection quieted all following thoughts. They worked in silence, or rather, Malfoy worked in silence. He added each ingredient in the same order she remembered from her booksÑthe colours changed correctly with each additionÑbut he did so with a delicacy she didn't possess. A natural ease. It was interesting watching him work, observing the way he knew exactly how slow to stir, when to speak the incantation, and when to sit down his wand and let it brew. "What do you normally do while you wait?" Hermione felt a bit sheepish. "Make another batch in a different cauldron." "You have five cauldrons large enough to make the potion." Malfoy blinked at her incredulously. "It'll take hours." "You asked." Hermione stepped back with a shrug. "Padma has at least ten wolves that don't have access to Wolfsbane. There used to be more, but Theo's been outsourcing help. All of the Potions Masters I regularly consult also volunteer and send vials. What I make is the gap we can't seem to fill." "That's seventy vials, and they have to ferment for at least two weeks." "I generally dedicate a day to the task instead of starting this late at night." "This isn't a one person job, Granger." "I've been doing just fine by myself." "Interesting." Though she understood some of his expressions, the one he gave her remained a mystery. "I believe you had certain comments about my similar thought process." "That's diffÑ" The words died when Malfoy turned back to the ingredients and silently went back to work. Hermione did the same. Until just after two in the morning, they worked with nothing more than bits of intermittent conversation between them. Despite the changes he made to the brew, each batch came out just as correct as they had been when she'd brewed it by the book. When the last was vialed and placed on the shelf to ferment, Hermione looked around only to find Malfoy gone. She thought he'd gone home ahead of her to rest, but a dim light in her conservatory drew her like a beacon. Drew her to find him. Malfoy stood in front of the window, looking out at the darkness where she could faintly see the trees blowing. The wind that had picked up over the course of the evening. Hermione joined him but turned her attention to the cloud-covered sky that hid the moon and stars. "Everything finished?" "Yes," she answered quietly, angling her body to face him. "Thank you for your help. You didn't have toÑ" "You'll still brew with books won't you? "For Wolfsbane? Yes." Hermione smiled and bit her lip. "I am who I am. But your adjustments will help me in the long run. I can safely say I learned something new." "I have as well." Malfoy's eyes caught hers. There was a hint of contemplation there and a tense determination in the set of his jaw. "Believe it or not, I'm a patient man." Hermione's smile faded, brows knitting together. "IÑ" "I'm not ready, I've told you this." Malfoy turned to her. "So I've decided to let you continue fighting and analysing whatever this is becoming. I've learned this is your way, after all." Intense eyes narrowed a fraction as he stepped closer. She didn't move. Didn't breathe. "But what I won't do is live in a delusion of your creation and pretend that this is nothing." A distant rumble of thunder was all she heard next. He let it pass while she blinked repeatedly at the gravity of his words. "I'm not asking for anything. You're free to either goÉ or stay." He took a breath, and only then did Hermione do the same. "You choose." Hermione's instinct was to go somewhereÑanywhereÑas fast as her feet could carry her. Maybe it would help her process what was becoming increasingly clear to her, maybe it wouldn'tÉ But then she felt it. Felt him reaching, but now for her. Dry, cautious fingers scraped against her fingertips for a breath, and a spark of warmth searched for a chance. Intent left her reeling. Dizzying emotions called her name. And in front of her was a man that was asking for her attention. Quietly demanding to be heard. Hermione's heart beat out of the rhythm of something that refused to be extracted, discarded, or ignored. Only felt. Before Malfoy retreated, she felt hesitancy in the slight tremble of his finger, but also the unwavering steadiness. Her thoughts ran wild but Hermione exhaled. Relented. "I'll stay." Eyes firmly on him, she coiled one uncertain finger around his. Then another. Shifting and adjusting until their fingers were entwined, his hand swallowed hers in its warmth. The promise of rain hushed everything beyond the beat of her pulse and the steady feel of their fingers twisted together. When the storm rolled in, the Earth breathed its sigh, but neither let go. Storms make trees take deeper roots. Dolly Parton Hand hold Black and White Source: Jaxxinthebox Chapter End Notes A/N: HELLO SOMETHING. Thank you all for your reviews! Seriously overwhelmed with the love and am so appreciative. Embedded art by Jaxx-in-a-box [ Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Art for this chapter: Scorpius Malfoy's Smile by Bookloverdream & Draco "The Offer" from Scorpius's POV by Bookloverdream & Relented by artseushi & Girls Brunch by ayaka-arts Chapter 24:The Passage of Time Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Twenty Four The Passage Of Time July 26, 2011 Clocks. Not only decorative, they were functional as well, serving as a reminder that time would always pass. Forever in infinite motion, they were full of chaotic fluctuations. Marked by each tick of the clock, seconds turned into minutes, which compounded into hours, constantly moving forward as they watched the stormÑfirst by the window, then on the sofa. The silence was as unsteady as the erratic beat of raindrops pelting the windows. When Hermione next looked at the clock, it was ten minutes after five. A time delicately balanced between the end of night and the beginning of a new day. It was also when Draco's hand released hers for the first time. Draco. Words of intent. A hand in hers. The startling amalgamation of moments and actions unearthed a full-formed name from the seeds of nothing. For all Hermione's denial, the digging and pulling at the pesky roots, her mental shift was seamless, in the same way the end of one chapter always sparked the beginning of the next. Natural progression. The inside of the Malfoys' home was dark and silent as the storm marched on, unabated and undiminished. Rain. Wind. Thunder. Lightning. Peaceful but unsettling. Atmospheric but stark. Exactly how Hermione felt with her back against the guest room door. Too late to sleep yet too early to begin the day. The only thing exchanged when they parted ways was a suggestion that they each shower, change, and meet in his office. To talk. Hermione arrived half an hour later with wet hair and two vials to get them through what was sure to be a long day. Draco was already there with tea and no arguments about the potion. Both of which she hadn't expected. They drank each vial before sitting on opposite ends of the sofa. Hermione felt better, more clear-headed and less tired almost instantly; her body was tricked into believing she'd had a full night's sleep. After shifting into a new position, facing him with a knee bent, she accepted the floating teacup with both hands. Black tea. Splash of milk. Simple but good. While enjoying the hot drink, Hermione observed the slight differences in his all black attire along with his wet hair. The rain battering the windows and the occasional crackle of lightning illuminating portions of his lowly lit office were the only sounds in the space. The air between them was cozy but tense. It defied description yet needed no explanation. Uniquely comfortable. Ever-present. Reclined on the cushions, Draco projected relaxation with his legs crossed and his arm resting on the armrest. Hermione silently wondered if he was restless, looking for cues to help answer the lingering question but found none. Still, he drank slowly, as if the worldÑ and by extension herÑwent unnoticed. Hermione had long since finished by the time he leaned forward to place his empty cup on the table. He broke the silence with a deep, resonant chuckle. "You look as though you're dying to speak." Draco returned to his seemingly casual position before turning, a curious quirk on his lips as he gave Hermione his undivided attention. "I'm not, actually." Hermione picked at the cuticles of her nails but she could still feel his eyes on her. She quickly dropped her hands and lifted her head. Ready to speak honestly. "I wouldn't know what to say nor do I have any idea how to begin navigatingÉ this." "You could start by moving." He rested a hand on the sofa next to him, eyes firmly on her as he patted the cushion once. Twice. It was a bold gesture, an indication that temporarily confused her until its meaning left Hermione both jarred and flushed in an aggravatingly adolescent way. Move closer. Once again, her nature pulled her in different directions. As if on a pendulum swinging between sensible and absurd, the former kept Hermione stationary, but the latter brought her out of her folded position. With a stubborn frown on her face, she slowly scooted until she was on the spot where his hand had just been. Any closer and Hermione would be sitting on him. Draco stretched an arm along the back of the sofa behind her head while the other maintained its spot on the armrest. For comfort? Hermione's new seat didn't afford her the space to dissect the reasons behind the sequence of actions; his proximity introduced an opportunity for observation that wasn't limited to sight alone. "Better?" Not at all. Draco was freshly shaven, his wet blond hair combed into place, but Hermione was drawn to subtle details. That was becoming a habit around him. Draco smelled clean, a subtle, woodsy scent that was almost heady from her place by his side. But that was nothing. Normal enough. What got her was something else. Heat. It radiated from him like a vibration. Hermione chalked it up to some sort of controlled energy that affected her as well. She ran tense hands down the front of her jeans, gripping her knees and curling her fingers into fists. It was a strange feeling. Their closeness. The storm. The solitude of his office. She felt silly for considering a sip of Calming Draught to unwind the knot in her stomach. The circumstances, time of day, and energy were different, but sitting under Draco's rigid scrutiny wasn't as new as his intent behind every action. Or was it? Hermione had realised her own attraction. She'd starved the stubborn thing and resisted giving it a name, but the feeling grew anyway. Terrible, really. Draco's attraction to her was unfathomable. Defied logic. Surprising, considering their push and pull from the very start, not to mention their history. The fact that they were now standing at the precipice of this impossible point proved the cosmos had a sense of humour. How? When? Why? What had she missed? Clearly a substantial amount, given the last few hours. The massive blow to her ego that stemmed from her lack of awareness of Draco's intent beforehand left Hermione irritated and scrambling for knowledge and answers, searching through tomes of comments and moments and looks she'd consistently tucked away to build a proper timeline. Analysing this would take all day. No, week. "What are we scheduled to work on this evening?" Draco's voice was low, edged in a fashion that churned the growing anxiety in her stomach. "I haven't looked. Why?" "We should add time to our schedules starting tonight, if you have it available." At both her sharp look and raised brow, Draco clarified. "To have conversations that don't pertain to work." "Oh. Like getting to know each other better." "Yes." "Okay." An awkward chuckle escaped Hermione before she could stop it. "But if your next suggestion is the addition of wine, I might think you're suggesting a date." "Not exactly." He drew his arm off the back of the sofa, resting his hand on his thigh and tapping his fingerÑa small quirk of his she associated with repressed unease. "I would call it a prelude of sorts." "What is the prelude to dating?" Confusion wrinkled her brow as she pressed her lips together in a thoughtful frown. "I'm hardly a delicate flower so courtship sounds Victorian and outdatedÑ" Draco went very still. As did she. "Oh. Okay, you're serious." "I am." Hermione tried to push past her initial judgment and into the foundation of his idea. From what she knew, courting involved getting to know a potential partner and deciding if they were worth pursuing. For her and Draco, it would be an opportunity to determine if their attraction and compatibility ran deeper than surface appeal. If it was sustainable. If it's not real or genuine, I don't want it. The familiar words echoed in her head. When Hermione gave it thought, itÉ Well, it wasn't entirely unreasonable. "I'm not sure exactly what your suggestion entails." She sat up straighter, slowly processing the idea. "Is there an officialÑ" "Nothing official. We will set our own rules and boundaries." Draco placed a careful hand over hers. The move was less bold and moreÉ understated. Perhaps that was why Hermione flipped her hand under his, flattened her palm, and laced their fingers together. Thunder rolled and their joined hands remained a warm weight on her thigh. The urge to distance herself from the moment surged then dulled, her muddied thoughts clearingÉ "I should review my contract with your mother to make certain I'm notÑ" "You can, if you'd like, but I've already done a thorough review." When Hermione recoiled in shock, Draco glanced down at their hands. "There is no clause in it that we're violating at this time." "When did you review it?" Draco didn't answer, looking instead at the bookshelves. Foresight was indicative of purpose and Hermione grew annoyed by the mounting clues that she was trailing behind. Slow on the uptake, she couldn't place the moment when childhood animosity and adult indifference had begun to shift in this unexpected direction for him. But Hermione didn't press, exacting a patience she didn't know existed. At least as it pertained to her pursuit of knowledge. Her mind was running rampant with what any potential answer could possibly mean for the whens and hows that kept creeping around in search of clarity. Part of her had to know, was desperate to ask, but Hermione strategically suppressed that urge. He didn't appear willing to discuss it, and she knew her questions would only lead to answers she wasn't ready to hear. "There are still questionable ethics involved in ourÑ" "Naturally." Draco's interruption was smooth, as if he'd expected the argument. "In the future, should we pursue anything further, I imagine there will need to be a different discussion. As of now, however, I trust this won't interfere with my mother's care." "Of course it won't. Nothing would change." Hermione touched her still-wet bun. "You and I will continue to work together on our current projects separate from our courtship." She really needed to think of a better term. Draco's fingers twitched in hers before he tightened his grip. "The rest we will sort through, but not right now." Fair. ButÉ As soon as Hermione tried to relax, as she had earlier in the conservatory, she winced at the new thought quickly sprouting above all the others. "What about your mother?" "What about her?" His inflection reflected his ambivalence. "Should we tell her?" It was a conversation she'd rather not have, but it was as inevitable as the spread of a wildfire. She could only imagine the one Narcissa would start if she knew. "Whether you like it or not, your mother has expectations of you that she hopes you will fulfil. She may respect me on some level, but I don't think she likes me. And I certainly don't think she considers me a worthy potenÑ" "It's not my mother's decision." Draco's tone was so firm she felt its pressure. His expression was one of perfect resolve. "I've said everything I plan to say on the matter, if you recall." "I do." She closed the door on that subject and opened the next. "What about Scorpius? Our friends?" If Hermione was being honest, she would confess her forming list of reservations, but they were still organising themselves, not yet ready for vocalisation. "I don't propose keeping secrets, but I also don't believe we should make it public knowledge unless we're absolutely certain." "No secrets." "Should someone find out, that's fine. We aren't hiding, but I'd prefer to keep this between us." Hermione absently swept her thumb in the groove between his fingers. "That goes for Scorpius as well. He is my biggest worry in all this. It hasn't been a year yet sinceÉ and I justÉ We don't know what he's thinking or how he'll feel. He's made too much progress to be set back by any major changes. I wouldn't want toÑ" "I agree." Draco's words were accompanied by a shift of their joined hands from her leg to his. "He is and always will be my primary concern in everything I do. He is also one of the reasons I'm affording you time to sort through everything you need to." "You should do the same." "I already have." Hermione blinked several timesÑrapidlyÑher brain speeding up to match the pounding in her chest. She jolted when a pop of lightning punctuated his loaded statement and a clap of thunder soon followed. But the exchange left her more rattled and unsure than the chaos beyond the walls. Needing space but unable to move to find it, she stayed still. Silent. Pensive. "Speaking of Scorpius, Skeeter's article wasn't in the morning Prophet when I glanced. I believe it will be in the evening edition for maximum effect, as it is distributed near the end of the work day. Nevertheless, I have time between meetings and wouldn't mind if you brought him to my office." It sounded casual, but the underlying weight of his statementÑof his trustÑwas there. "For lunch?" "Yes, to make up for my early departure yesterday. He appeared disappointed." Hermione smiled at the memory of the haul Scorpius had excitedly presented to his father, but it faded when she remembered how the high of his accepted offerings had ended. He had just wanted his dad to come back. Teddy had kept him distracted, but his smile hadn't quite reached his eyes the rest of the day. "He was, but he'll be thrilled to see where you work. If you don't mind, I have to stop by Neville's greenhouse beforehand and I think he'd love to see it." "He would." There was a clench along his jaw and a flash of paternal warmth Hermione associated with each time she caught Draco watching Scorpius greet his cactus. Quiet settled between them, one that stretched beyond comfort to something akin to growing intimacy. Hermione searched for a better word to describe the feeling but none fit. She tried to say something else, but her lips remained still. Slowly, she lost each prior thread of thought and worry in the warmth radiating from him. But she hung on to one. "Perhaps, Draco, since we're discussing rules, you should call me Hermione." "I could." He inclined his head as if considering it. "But I prefer Granger." She looked away with a smile, but caught the passage of time in a single glance. "I should start breakfast." Source: Jaxxinthebox Cooking helped clear her mind of frivolities, allowing room for contemplation. Mixing ingredients and seasonings to create the perfect flavour helped her relax. Once Narcissa's vegetable frittatas were baking, and she began making breakfast for herself and Scorpius, Hermione glanced from her task to Draco. As always, he was completing his crossword with his offensive pen and black frames perched on his nose. Every one of her carefully built thoughts crumbled. Doubt made Hermione want to talk herself out of everything they'd established that morning, but each glance stuttered the urge to a halt. There was no reason to panic. This was just experimentation in human form. A test. The same kind a gardener would perform on the soil to measure the physical, chemical, and biological properties necessary to determine if it could sustain life. Conversation and time: precious to them both, neither had much to spareÑ "You're going to burn your eggs overthinking." WhichÉ she had. With an aggravated wave of her wand, she Vanished the mess. A ghost of a smirk played at the corner of his lips before it vanished, too. But when she finished, and their plates were waiting for them at the table under charms, Hermione took a quick glance at what was left of his crossword and didn't wait before pointing out that seven across was Renoir. Draco placed his pen on the seam of his book and turned to her. The action brought them face to face. He leaned just a fraction shy of too close. "I know." Signs of life, in the form of an opening door, pulled them away. And time continued on. The bedroom door opened and Sachs stepped out, shutting it behind her with a grim expression. "She's in a mood." Likely the same one from breakfast. The previous night's argument had led to a silent standoff between mother and son. Both had ignored the other's presence over the shared meal. Surprisingly, Scorpius hadn't noticed, but that was likely because their established level of interaction was little to none anyway. He'd eaten in his new chair, between them, which had turned awkward when Narcissa moved from the head of the table to directly across from them. When he'd finished, Scorpius offered his grandmother a stilted bow before letting Hermione fix his collar and turning to answer his father's only signed question with one word: yes. Once gone, any chance of mediation had dissolved to ash. Draco had excused himself, leaving for work with a look that lingered. If Narcissa noticed anything was out of the ordinary, she hadn't mentioned it once while irritably ranting about her son after his departure. Hermione hadn't engaged. It was better that way. The slight uptick in incidents of confusion and forgetfulness brought Hermione's initial battery of tests from nearly four months ago back into focus. It was time for an update. "Does she have any appearances after this?" Hermione had a parchment with her previous results in hand along with a blank one for today's readings. "No." Truly for the best, given Narcissa's foul mood. Everything took twice as long; she was slow to comply every step of the way. Hermione's patience remained intact throughout the process, but it was wearing thin when her patient accidentally Apparated across the room following the final test. After calling for Sachs, Hermione kept her calm enough for Sachs to check her for any signs of Splinching. There were none. A quarter vial of Calming Draught later and they both breathed a sigh of relief after Narcissa fell asleep. "Thank you, Sachs." "No, thank you." She was earnest, even if reluctantly so. "Given the highs and lows of the last few months, I doubt Keating and I would have known what to do had you not come along with your research." "I guess that makes us a team." Hermione smiled and laid a warm hand on the witch's shoulder. "I have an errand regarding ingredients for the experimental potion. Lunch is already prepared for her should she wake in time. IÑ" "I can handle it from here." With a nod, Hermione left. Odd was the only word that could describe the sight that greeted her in the living room. The cactus wasn't on its stand, moved instead to the coffee table in front of where Scorpius and Catherine sat on the sofa. They were facing each other, one leg tucked in front while the other rested on the floorÑor dangled, in Scorpius' case. She was testing him, speaking various words from what appeared to be Hermione's sign language book while he answered with his hands. "What day is it?" He got tripped up on the question and frowned. Thinking. The expression was familiar. His little eyebrows were furrowed, face scrunched, and tongue absently peeking from his mouth. But then Scorpius signed a question all by himself and Catherine cheered for his success. It really put joy in Hermione's heart to see how quickly he'd taken to this method of communication. There was still a long way to go, the journey wasn't nearly over, but that particular leg felt like years instead of months. Hermione could secretly confess she didn't miss the detached little boy she'd met in Theo's office in March; the one who suppressed his own tears. She ached for him, yes, but she was happy he was disappearing. Hermione was excited for what was to come. The growth. The changes. The continued blossoming. Scorpius' wave propelled her into motion and Hermione joined them, taking the spot on the sofa he'd abandoned to sit between them. He turned to face her, waiting patiently while she thought of a test question. "Do you know how to sign when something is wrong?" He did just that. "Excellent!" The praise made his cheeks pink. "We were going to wait for you." Catherine shifted on the sofa. "But we finished morning lessons early and he wanted to practice signing everything he's learned so far. He's trying to find a special sign for you, Miss Granger." It was an idea she'd implanted after Scorpius struggled to find the sign to communicate his worry for her. Hermione hadn't known he was working on it. His sulk about his exposed secret was potent and Scorpius began to show signs of restlessness, but his shift in mood didn't last. She made a face which caused the little boy's frown to even, his expression settling into something bashful when she offered her hands. "Take your time, Scorpius. There's no rush." Hermione didn't want there to be another thing to make him anxious. Names were important, but ultimately it was a choice. His choice. "Whatever name you choose for me will be brilliant and I'll love it because you've chosen it for me." Scorpius squeezed her fingers, his cheeks still pink, and he didn't let go. "Mr Malfoy advised me of your plans." Catherine broke the silence, drawing both of their attention. Scorpius scooted closer to her. "I thought I would change him into something more casual, but he only elected for a change in bowtie." "Very handsome." It was paisley green and he looked very proud of his choice. "Speaking of plans, we should get ready to leave. Scorpius, please take your cactus back to its home." He obediently did just that, but not before giving Hermione a chance to say goodbye to it. She expected him to give Catherine the same option, but he merely shot her a suspicious look and went to return the plant back to its stand. "What happened there?" Hermione raised a brow at the younger witch. "In fairness to me, it looked dry." Not a good way to start, but she listened. "I was about to water it with my wand when Scorpius all but threw himself in front of it to stop me." The little boy gave her another distrustful look from across the room. Hermione tried to cover her chuckle with a cough. "I fear I've lost his faith with that one." "We have a strict watering schedule. I should have told you." Hermione smiled at Scorpius when he returned. He stood at her side and she absently rested her hand on the back of his head. "He's pretty protective of his friend." Scorpius nodded. "I learned that lesson swiftly." "When do his afternoon lessons start?" "Today? At two." It was just after ten-thirty. Plenty of time. After Catherine left, Hermione made lunch, charmed each package to remain fresh, and packed them away with some snacksÑjust in case Scorpius got peckish. He helped the entire time, standing on a stool she'd transfigured, and sampling a few chopped carrots. He tried hummus for the first time and didn't like it. She could tell by his scrunched up face his distaste likely had to do with the texture. Hermione mentally added it to the growing no list. "Are you ready?" Scorpius took her offered hand as an answer and jumped off the small stool. Off they went to the Floo. Their first stop was Neville's. His greenhouse was on the campus of the Magical University where he taught. It was summer and the campus was mostly quiet. The walk from the public Floo to the greenhouse was quick, given the cloudy skies that threatened more rain, but Hermione slowed her pace because she had a little tourist with her. And he looked wide-eyed and eager. From the statues to the fountains to the tall trees, everything grabbed his attention until they eventually reached their destination. The classical music Neville played for the plants was the only sign Hermione needed to know he was inside. It was extensive on a vastly different scale from hers. A larger version of what she hoped hers might become in the future. Closer to the greenhouse from Hogwarts, it could be a dangerous place, so Hermione stopped to prepare the confused little boy for his trip inside. "For safety." Hermione helped him put on mittens, goggles, and oversized blue earmuffs she quickly spelled to fit comfortably. He looked like a loveable alien. The goggles made his blue eyes appear large and he held his hands out in front of him as if he wasn't quite certain what to do with them. While he got used to the loss of use of his hands, Hermione put on her own protective gear before drawing his attention. "You mustn't touch anything unless I say so, okay?" Scorpius obediently nodded, but he still seemed confused about the concept of mittens over gardening gloves as he bent and flexed his fingers. "Ready?" They were greeted by warmth, humidity, music, and organised greenery as they entered the greenhouse. Vivid and colourful. Scorpius halted a few steps inside the door that had shut on its own behind them. Mouth open and forming a small O, his eyes grew even wider. Hermione gave him a moment to absorb the beauty of the sight and look around at everything that was unfamiliar to him. "It's beautiful, yes?" Scorpius bobbed his mitted fist and held on to her hand tighter. As tight as he could. He looked like he wanted to touch the mundane plant nearest him, but never made a move. Just observed. "Let's find Neville." Hermione slowly led the little boy on, carefully watching out for him as his eyes scanned everything except what was ahead. Hermione found Neville watering a table of Mandrakes towards the back. "Hey Hermione." He smiled in greeting, not at all surprised to see her; his surprise was reserved for her companion, who he greeted with a bright grin before squatting before him. "And who do we have here?" "This is Scorpius Malfoy." Her friend's question was visible and she pointedly ignored it. "I'm Neville Longbottom." With a laugh, he extended a hand. "Pleasure to meet you, Scorpius." The little boy looked at her first in question. Well, she had told him not to touch anything. "You can, but only if you want." Scorpius, who would have normally bowed, opted out of the handshake, but offered a wave insteadÑa bashful one. He stepped closer to Hermione, one second from hiding behind her. Neville was good-natured and kind, so he just gave the boy another wide smile, but they all heard a noise and Scorpius' attention went back to the world around him. "He likes plants." "Plenty of those here." Neville stood to his full height and stepped out of Scorpius' way so he could continue enjoying everything. And he did, but the little boy never let go. "Luna's around." They followed him through the rows at a meandering pace, stopping to identify each plant that drew Scorpius' attention. They paused frequently, but found Luna soon enough. Not that it was hard. She was dressed in bright pink overalls and a white shirt with smiling watermelons that danced. She looked thoughtful in a way only Luna could, hand on her chin, looking back and forth between two plants that stood taller than her and Hermione. "I don't think they like each other." Then she turned, smiling at her and Neville, then down at Scorpius. "Oh, hello Hermione and tiny human." Like most children were fascinated by shiny objects, Scorpius had a similar reaction to Luna. There was something about her that drew people in, especially children. She never had to say or do anything special. She was just Luna. Bizarrely logical and able to see the world in a way Hermione never could. It had taken her a long time to truly respect that. But she did. When Luna offered him her hand to give him the grand tour, Scorpius looked to Hermione for permission. She granted it before he approached and accepted the invitation, eyes locked on Luna. His expression was somewhere between confusion and wonder, which was very appropriate for the entire situation. "What would you like to see first?" Hermione started to remind her of Scorpius' silence, but as always, Luna surprised her by offering her gloved hand. "Will you show me?" Once they ventured out of earshot, hand in hand, their first stop was at the lavender plants. Hermione watched her friend crouch down next to him and talk to him about the plant. A smile curved her lips. "Are we going to talk about that?" "If you're going to be annoying, at least wait until I complete the purpose of my visit." "Very well then." Hermione pulled out the list of potential binding agents and the herbs they would need to create them to test Draco's potion. He wanted to begin experimental brews to find the proper binding ingredient in the next few weeks, and now that she had mostly finished sorting through his extensive research, Hermione was in agreement. Brewing involved more preparation than actual work. It could take months to find the right binding agent. She was tasked with gathering each potential ingredient, and making sure she could maintain the quantity needed should any of them work. "I've marked the ones I already have and the ones we can acquire on our own, but here." Neville checked the list. "I have a couple of these. You want entire plants?" "If you can spare them. If not I'll take a clipping if you'll prepare them for cultivation." "Okay, I can bring them by this weekend." "Perfect." They stood in silence. Scorpius and Luna were moving on, rounding the corner that took them out of their direct sight for a moment before they reappeared on the next aisle. He looked around but didn't touch. One little hand was still securely in Luna's while the other was tucked behind him. "Hard to believe that's Malfoy's son." "You'd be surprised how alike they are." "I remember Daphne saying he didn't speak, but that was months ago." "It's still true. He spoke to Teddy last week and possibly Albus, so perhaps he only speaks to children. Draco and I discussedÑ" Hermione caught Neville regarding her with questions in his eyes. Several of them. "What?" "You called him Draco." "I don't understand why everyone insists on pointing out the way in which we refer to each othÑ" "Do you like him?" "As a person?" When Neville's grin turned playful, Hermione sharpened her suspicious glare. "You've been talking to Ginny." "Actually, Luna has." "Everyone has opinions." She rolled her eyes. "Go on, tell me yours." "Complex history aside, I think they're just excited that you're interested in someone. Anyone." Neville led the way to another plant on her list, going through each before settling on one that he could spare. It was arguably the best of the bunch. "As for me, I have no opinions on this. I'm just waiting to see what you'll decide to do." Force them out or let them in. That particular conversation had vanished from her memory. Until now. Luna and Scorpius were officially out of sight. "I've never seen you so involved." "I'm plenty involved with Teddy and with Harry's kids. Besides, Scorpius is here by happenstance. He loves plants and I needed to stop by so I brought him here for the experience." "Actually, I'm talking about Malfoy." Neville's eyes slid to hers. "Harry told me that he asked you to stay with his family after the Godric's Hollow attack." "It was the only logical option, considering I'mÑ" Neville's chuckle made her stop. "You're in denial, Hermione, and this is entertaining. Carry on." There was nothing to be in denial about, but she didn't feel like arguing or explaining the strange newness between her and Draco. So she didn't, following him instead on his search for the second plant on her list. It was ideal that he was able to offer entire plants instead of clippings. By the time they made their way around the greenhouse, everything was crossed off except the last three options. He gave her a quick lesson on how to care for them, when to dry the seeds or leaves for brewing, and how often she should harvest each. Hermione took notes. As they were finishing up, Luna returned with Scorpius, who carried a small bundle of pink carnations in his mitted hand and an eager expression. He seemed slightly nervous yet overall relaxed, much like he'd been in her vegetable patch. The environment, the freedom, and the company did wonders for him. "Was your tour fun?" A smile was his only response before he peered up at Luna. "We walked around and I told him what all the plants were and what the flowers meant. Seemed like he wanted to know, like he was looking for something." Luna smiled down at the boy. "I let him pick a few flowers to keep for himself." But instead of holding on, Scorpius extended the bundle to her with the same insistent look he'd worn while giving his father an armful of freshly picked vegetables. This was for her. What he wanted her to have. What he'd been looking for. Hermione accepted the gift and the hug around her waist that accompanied it. "Thank you." After Scorpius waved goodbye to Luna, Neville walked them to the door and left her with a comment. "Pink carnation. Interesting choice. They mean gratitude, yes, but it's interesting that something so beautiful can have the same meaning as something as prickly as a cactus." A mother's love. Source: Jaxxinthebox The Atrium was as busy as always. Scorpius held her hand a little tighter, a sign that he was bothered, and Hermione winced at her lack of foresight. She should have entered through a private Floo. After steering the overwhelmed-looking child to a spot away from the throngs of people, she found both her wand and the same earmuffs she'd used to cover his ears in Neville's greenhouse, then handed him the flowers so he could have something else to hold on to. Scorpius blinked a few times, not when she covered his ears, but after spelling them to dull the sound of the busy Atrium. He seemed much more comfortable after that, more engaged with his surroundings. The Fountain of Magical BrethrenÑlarge and grandÑgrabbed his attention. There were employees sitting on the edge, talking amongst themselves while subtly pointing at her until they noticed Scorpius walking in front of them, staring up. They smiled and cooed words he couldn't hear. Hermione trailed after him, and when he nearly bumped into two people, due to inattentiveness, she apologised profusely. Not that she needed to, his awe endeared him to everyone in the area. She found herself wondering if they would still think him adorable if they knew he was a Malfoy. If they knew who his father was. Maybe yes, but likely no. There would be some preconceived ideas about him and HermioneÉ As she held on to Scorpius while he reached out to touch the water, she could see the pure joy on his face, see the innocence people would frown upon, hear the way some would judge him without knowing the first thing about himÉ and she hated it. Hated that at one point in her life she had been no better than anyone else. Scorpius looked at her over his shoulder and he must have seen her expression because he stopped reaching and turned, looking concerned. Hermione smiled and thumbed between his eyes to smooth his scrunched brows. He hopped down off the side, but only after accepting her hand. For the crowd, the line to check her wand wasn't long. No more than five minutes later they were waiting in the queue. Scorpius observed everything and it made her wonder if he'd ever been around so many people before. Had Hermione not been so focused on him, smiling fondly at how cute he was with his oversized earmuffs, she would have noticed the moment someone stepped a little too close. "Hermione Granger." Shite. "Cormac McLaggen." She took a patient breath before glancing at him. "What do you want?" "I just happened to be returning from lunch. Imagine my surprise when I saw you in the Ministry. Not on your typical day or at your normal time. One might call your appearance suspicious, given everything that's happening." "Still assigned to keep tabs on me?" "Until the restoration conspirators are found, I'm back toÑ" "Being an errand boy." His jaw twitched, a sign of his increasing irritation with her, but it smoothed back into his usual leer. "I think my uncle will be curious about your presence." His arm brushed hers and she stepped away in a careful move that didn't draw attention. "One might say your presence was on purpose." An odd statement, but Hermione didn't nibble on the bait. "I'm not certain how visiting an employee for lunch is an act that warrants scrutiny." "My uncle would beg to differ." "From our last interaction, I thought your uncle would have learned his lesson to leave me alone." "Why would he?" Cormac's voice lowered. "You threatened his position, the Minister, and the entire Wizengamot. There are eyes on you, Hermione, and they are waiting for your next move. He wants to squash you and the attention you bring." "I don't understand why the Chief Warlock is wasting his time on a Healer instead of performing the duties of his job, but there are several things in life I can't make sense of." The next lift was nearly there. "Oh, and I didn't threaten them. You see, I'm in no official position to do so, but I did promise to hold anyone corrupt accountable." She rested a finger on her chin. "Now that I think about it, I suppose your initial statement was correct." With the arrival of the lift, the queue moved. There wasn't enough room for her and Scorpius so she waited and, unfortunately, McLaggen didn't take the last spot. In a show of faux kindness, he let the witch behind him take it. She rewarded him with a pretty smile that he held until the lift was gone. Then it vanished. And it wasn't until it was gone that he glanced over then down, one eyebrow rising. She followed his line of sight to Scorpius whoÑoh. Merlin. She'd never seen him look like that before. Brows scrunched. Mouth pursed. It was the closest impression of his father that she'd ever seen from him, but the vision was endearing when combined with his earmuffs and stained cheeks. "What's your name?" Scorpius' glare darkened as he stepped forward with a boldness that opposed how he'd greeted Neville. Children were an excellent judge of character, and this one sure as hell didn't like Cormac. "Oi there, are you her protector?" Cormac's teasing tone made Scorpius scowl. The next lift arrived and Hermione led the way. She put herself against the back wall with Scorpius in front of her, and placed her hands on his shoulders. He offered her the carnations he'd been holding for her and she accepted them. He almost smiled before he caught Cormac watching and it vanished behind a sneer. The lift was nearly empty after the first stop. Cormac wasn't the only person bemused by Scorpius' expression. A stranger broke the silence in the small space. "Aw, he's protecting his mummy." Bless his earmuffs, Scorpius didn't hear the comment. But Hermione did and she shook her head. "I'm not his mum." "Whose son is he?" Cormac's interest increased tenfold. "He's not Harry'sÑ" Blessedly, the doors to the lift opened on the right floor and Hermione guided Scorpius out towards Harry's office. Hermione needed Deloris' help to find the way to Draco's office and she wanted to get to their destination quickly should anyone else appear. Like Tiberius. She would have made it had Scorpius not slowed her down by looking over his shoulder and glowering. He appeared so distracted that Hermione turned as well. Cormac was following them. Great. No sense in hurrying, he would catch them in no less than twenty long strides. Hermione stopped and turned to face her problem head on, gently gripping Scorpius' tense shoulder. "Can I help you, Cormac?" He looked from her to the little boy at her side. "Whose kid, Hermione?" "I know you didn't follow me to ask that question. That information is none of your business." "No, I followed you to accompany you both to Harry's office, assuming that's where you're going." "I am, but no thanks. I have all the company I need." He stepped closer. "Might I remind you that you no longer workÑ" "I have a visitor's badge and a checked wand." She glared at him but kept her tone calm. "Any other excuses for stalking?" "You need a guide." "I can take it from here, thank you." A cool, perfectly even voice rose from behind them. Everyone turned and there stood Draco, looking every bit as in control as his voice sounded, but there was a purposeful edge in every step of his approach. For once, it wasn't reserved for Hermione. Only Cormac. "Malfoy," Cormac greeted once Draco stood at Hermione's side. The seconds ticked on in silence, each squaring their shoulders in a way that made them seem taller. Bigger. Draco was slightly shorter, but no one bothered to inform him of this. "I was just accompanying Hermione andÑ" Cormac looked down at Scorpius, who had stopped glaring in favour of staring at his father, before his eyes lifted back to Draco in recognition. "Is heÑ" "I said I can take it from here." There was a professional brusqueness to Draco's tone and appearance not many had perfected. Hermione paid no mind to the bit of heat she felt on her face and neck from the crispness of his words. "Hermione is going to Harry's office, so I'll accompany her there. I suppose your son isÑ" "They're both here to visit me." Cormac blinked several times. "Apologies." Draco was no longer speaking to him but to her. A smooth calmness that bordered on politeness. She was confused. They hadn't set a specific timeÑoh. Understanding dawned on her of what he was trying to accomplish. "Nothing to apologise for." Hermione angled her body towards Draco, mindful of Scorpius. "We were delayed by the fountain." "I also wasn't expecting you both this early and didn't open my Floo." "I forgot that I didn't have the option to Floo directly into your office from our first stop." She held up the small bundle of carnations as indication of where they'd been. After a single nod of acknowledgement, Draco made a polite gesture. "Shall we?" Cormac was still looking back and forth between them, his frown deepening with each pass. "Are you twoÑ" "What business do you have?" Draco's voice was chilly. "No business at all, besides my own personal interest. I will say that this is intriguing." Cormac gestured between the two of them, his frown shifting into something elseÑ something darker. "And explains a lot." "I think your presence is required elsewhere." And then Draco did something none of them expected. He picked his son up like he weighed nothing. The expression on Scorpius' face was one of shock and priceless confusion. Hermione almost laughed until she felt a hand on her lower back steering her in the direction of his office. Then his hand found hers as he led the way. Just as stunned as Scorpius, she quietly went along with it. "Is he gone?" Hermione looked over her shoulder. "Still watching." His hand stayed in hers until they rounded the corner, then it returned to his side. "Rumours will be all over the Ministry by the end of the day." "I'll handle it." A statement so firm Hermione didn't argue. She guessed Draco finally realised how far he'd abruptly deviated from his routine with Scorpius because his son was blatantly staring at him. Because they were face to face. Because he'd picked him up. While awake. For a moment, they just stared at each other. Scorpius' shock and confusion bled into something warm and kind. He dimpled a smile, and the frosty expression on Draco's face thawed slightly, then more when Scorpius smoothed the space between his father's brows, just like Hermione had done earlier. Fond amusement weaved itself into a genuine smile that made Hermione's heart swell. Oh. Then the moment ended. Draco's face evened back to his default. She was watching him, openly bearing witness to a moment she would never forget. After adjusting Scorpius on his armÑhis good one, she notedÑhe faced her. "I wasn't expecting you both this early." "The greenhouse trip didn't take very long. Are you ready for lunch?" "IÉ" Draco glanced at his hopeful son. "I can be." Draco's office was in the back and it seemed that they passed every member of the Task Force along the way. Conversations stopped abruptly. Work halted. Even a meeting behind a glass wall paused at the sight of a stern looking Draco Malfoy carrying an earmuff-wearing little boy. Everyone stared unabashedly. Hermione walked behind him, making certain to keep her flowers at her side and her expression just as impassive as his. No hint of awareness or embarrassment. Nothing to see. She did, however, see Scorpius awkwardly wave over his dad's shoulder at a small gaggle of witches from the French Task Force who waved back at him. He didn't smile, just buried his head in the crook of Draco's neck. Shy from the attention. The whispering conversations and ogling resumed as soon as they were out of earshot. Surely they had work to do. Hermione cleared her throat, and when she looked back, Draco was holding his office door open. Both father and son were regarding her with similar expressions. Wordlessly, she tucked her hair behind her ears and walked in. Draco's office was a blank slate, devoid of anything that would identify it as his. There was one lone bookshelf with a few books on each row and the larger ones crowded near the bottom. All it meant was this was a place he didn't think of as hisÑ not like his home office. The only comparison between the two spaces was his desk, which was respectfully cluttered. There was one oddity, though: a dirty potato perched on the corner. Hermione's face warmed from the token kept by a man who showed so little of himself. The door shut with an audible click and Draco's first order of business was to put his son down and try to sort a spot for lunch. Scorpius began to approach Hermione, but the vegetable called to him like a moth to a flame, and after touching it, he looked to his father for explanation. Only Draco had his back turned. "You kept it?" The question made Draco's head whip to her, then over to Scorpius, who was holding the memento. "It's spelled not to rot." Scorpius placed it back in its spot as carefully as he had the cactus not long ago. The bookshelf caught his attention next and he approached it while his father cleared away his work to give them a spot to eat. "Is there anything he can't touch?" Draco looked up from stacking parchments and set them aside. "They're regular books." Scorpius turned his head, asking Hermione a question with his eyes. "One book, but only after we eat." Hilariously, he considered the instruction before appearing to deem it fair with a nod and returning to her side. Once Draco's desk was clean, she pulled a chair around to sit next to him and unpack their lunches. Another problem presented itself. Draco's office was small, and he didn't have enough space for the extra chair they needed. Which was how Scorpius ended up sitting on his father's desk, earmuff-free, with his feet dangling off the side. He seemed pleased in a muted way that was all him. Lunch consisted of roasted chicken sandwiches for her and Draco, cheese toasties, sliced fruits, and vegetables that Scorpius went for first. Malfoy was puzzled. "I thought he liked cheese toasties?" "He's a picky eater, so he saves what he wants best for last." Hermione bit her own sandwich and lunch officially commenced. Scorpius ate slowly, happily, but halfway through, he did something unexpected. He began sharing with his father. First a sliced cucumber. Then a carrot. Then a strawberry. Scorpius ate one piece then offered the next to his father, who always accepted, but when Draco offered Scorpius a slice of his tangerine in return, the look on the boy's face changed, reminding her of a day he'd made a similar offer to Albus. Friendship. He accepted the slice and saved it for last. Even after the toasties. The best. Scorpius' first trip following the meal was to the bookshelf. He, of course, picked the largest book he could find. Hermione doubted it had pictures. When he wobbled once, the man next to her shifted in his chair, adjusting in the event he needed to make a quick grab to stop his son from falling over. Admirable, but Scorpius stubbornly remained on his feet and placed the book on the blanket Draco had transfigured for him. Before he sat to flip through the pages, Scorpius returned to her side, hands open for the earmuffs she'd taken off. He happily put them back on, finding peace in the silence. Unknowingly, he gave them the perfect opportunity to talk. "From McLaggen?" Draco stiffly gestured to the carnations he had been glancing at on and off during the meal. "Gods, no. As if I would accept such a gift from him." Hermione picked them up and noted how fresh they still were. Perhaps Luna had charmed them not to wilt. "These were picked by Scorpius at Neville's greenhouse. He gave them to me." "Oh." There was a small shift in his demeanour. Curious. "IÑdo you prefer flowers?" It wasn't just that she was visibly startled by his questionÑHermione very much wasÑher surprise was more about the way he watched her after, as was reading her for clues that might linger underneath her answer. It was easier to deflect, but defensiveness wasn't present in the small space of his office. Only honesty. "I'm no good at accepting gifts, or anything really. I can admit that." Begrudgingly, of course. "But I do believe gifts should be from the heart and have meaning." "Purpose?" His elbow was on the arm of the chair, his chin in his palm, watching her with clear interest. "Whether for brewing and consumption, caring for patients or those you know, nothing in your greenhouse or garden is there for aesthetics." "It's true." Hermione touched the flower gently. "The purpose of a flower is to attract pollinators to aid in fertilisation, but it doesn't make them any less beautiful or meaningful in their own right." She let the comment marinate as their gazes travelled to Scorpius, who seemed to be enjoying himself. Or so she hoped. He looked like he was studying for an exam, and the way he frowned, as if deeply concentrating, was both amusing and a bit strange. "The bookÑ" "Is in a dead language he can't read just yet." "Oh." At some point he would learn those things as part of his education. Hermione's opinions on that weren't as visceral now that she had seen Draco's translation efforts. Through Scorpius, she was also reminded of the importance of communication and preserving language. Languages were human creations. They were born, developed, declined, and perished. A life cycle that occurred fluidly throughout the course of history. Each person spoke in their own wayÉ Perhaps extending the lives of a few lost languages wasn't such a bad idea. With an internal shrug, Hermione stood and began packing everything back into her bag while Draco went to his desk and pulled out a note for her that she accepted once his desk was clear of any evidence of their meal. "These are the talking points I made with my mother during ourÉ discussion about her care." Argument was more apt, but Hermione wisely held her tongue. "You should review them and compare them to your own notes." "Good idea. When we talk to her together, we'll both be on the same footing." A better one. Hopefully. "Perhaps." His response was clipped, but also resigned and astonishingly placid. "When would you like to make another attempt?" "In a few days." "Very well." With nothing else to busy herself, Hermione took her seat again. Draco did the same shortly after. It was hard to tell what was on his mind; Hermione tried and failed. "It's unlikely I'll be home for dinner tonight. I imagine Skeeter's article will be out in the evening edition and it will be chaotic." Draco spoke of the impending media circus as if entirely unconcerned. "Percy and I will be meeting to discuss our strategy. Scorpius should be asleep before I return." "Is that why you asked me to bring him here?" He didn't answer, only moved to take her hand. Warm. Masculine. Easy to hold. Given this was the third time he'd done it, Hermione began to wonder about the significance of the gesture for him. Time passed as Hermione's understanding of him struggled under the weight of their recent developments. She had building questions, they stacked on top of each other, one after the next, but perhaps there was no need to push. Draco would express himself when he felt the need to. That had been his way thus far. And now wasn't the right time to push any boundaries, so Hermione embraced the silence of her surroundings, glancing at Draco as he watched Scorpius studiously flip through the pages of a book even she couldn't read. "Will you eat dinner?" "Likely with Percy." "Okay." Hermione shifted in her chair. "I'll be working in your office when you get back then. We canÉ" Talk? Court? Hermione gave an awkward shrug that earned her a raised brow. "Not sure what to call it. Spend time together?" "That sounds accurate." "How are you so rational about this?" "Your denial gave me time to think." The corner of his mouth twitched a littleÑonce, twice. The question of the hour was how much? She doubted Draco would answer, which was fine. The morning paper on his desk caught her attention. The headline sang the praises of the Ministry. Hermione sighed. The Prophet would be printing a different truth later. "Before knowing the extent of the fallout of the Prophet's article, I should really discuss my plans to approach Kingsley." "I'm certain Percy is curious. He didn't have much success." Or any at all. "I haven't exactly figured out what to say." She crossed her ankles. "Kingsley isÉ" "I'm fully aware of how he is." That wasn't what Hermione expected and she raised an eyebrow at the revelation. "Have you met him?" "Only once." Draco stared ahead. "After my trial." "What did he say?" Draco didn't speak for a long moment. "Forgiveness, repentance, and atonement are all different. If you work all three out for yourself, I have hope that the next time I see you, you will be a better man." That sounded like Kingsley. Wise words from a poignant man who saw things others couldn't see in themselves. "Have you seen him since?" "No." Source: Jaxxinthebox They made a quick stop by Hermione's home to find a vase for her carnations. Once she'd gotten Scorpius settled, she stepped outside for a short conversation with Goldstein, whose team was taking advantage of the small break in the storm and working under the watchful wands of Aurors. By the time she found Scorpius again, it felt far later than half past noon. He'd answered sleep's warm call by bundling himself up in a blanket on the chaise in the conservatory with his sock-covered feet poking out. He looked more than comfortable, too adorable to disturb. So she let him sleep. The day had already been eventful and there was still time before his afternoon lessons for him to reset. Scorpius left enough room for her to join him, and when she did, he unconsciously snuggled close, mumbling unintelligibly until she hummed and combed her fingers through his hair. In no time at all, he fell silent, breathing deeply. Comfort was found in the smallest of gestures. Hermione continued reading Persuasion until someone unexpectedly came through her Floo. Cho. Bookmarking her place and untangling from Scorpius without waking him was no easy feat. By the time she did both, her visitor was approaching with a gift bag and wearing a pleasant smile that slightly faded upon seeing the little boy. She stopped mid-step. "Oh, I didn't know youÑ" "I was just reading while he napped. He has about twenty minutes left before he needs to be back for afternoon lessons." Hermione picked up her wand and set a privacy charm, gesturing to the sofa close by. Her presence wasn't accidental. Cho never turned up without Padma or the promise of Girl's Night to de-stress from the week. After joining the other witch, Hermione took in her casual appearance, noting the display of her nerves in her curled fists and the way she looked everywhere except Hermione. "I'll confess, I'm surprised to see you here." "Sorry." Cho ran a hand through her dark hair. "Your Floo was open, so I came through thinking you were free." She picked up the bag she'd placed on the table. "This is for you." "What is it?" "A peace offering." "I didn't know we were in need of such a gesture." Hermione's acceptance of the gift was slow. "We're not in the middle of a war." "No, butÑ" The shuffling sounds of Scorpius turning over made Cho peek at where he remained asleep. "Is that Draco Malfoy's son?" "Yes." Hermione folded her arms, hoping Cho would get to the point of her visit and put an end to the stilted air between them. She didn't. "Oh." Cho stared at her hands on her lap and the awkwardness continued. "I've heard a lot about him, but I've never met him." "I'm not saying this to be rude, but I'm curious about why you're here." "To apologise about what I said after brunch. In the loo." The sigh Cho exhaled was an unusual one, some strange mixture of sadness and frustration. "I've been feeling bad since it happened. I-I'm not that person, but I felt I had to say something. I realised as soon as I left that I shouldn't have said anything. I asked Padma for advice and she told me to talk to you directly. SoÉ here I am." When the silence stretched too thin, Hermione rested a hand on her arm. "Are you here to talk about it?" "Yes, but it's difficult." Cho focused on the world beyond the glass as she steeled herself. "I stand by my statement that I was trying to help you. I meant no harm." "Then why do you feel guilty?" "IÉ may have projected my own situation onto you. I saw the signs and I wanted to give you a warning because I wish I'd had one beforeÉ Well, in a new light, I don't think I was being very fair." "Fair to who?" "You." Cho seemed to settle into the impending conversation, crossing her legs and looking directly at her. "I don't know the extent of your relationship with Draco Malfoy. I only know what I've heard about you two getting closer. I might have misspoken, but in the event that I didn't, I-I wanted to make sure you were careful." "Why?" "He's lost his wife. The process of grieving is different for every individual. Not to mention, he has a son andÑ" "No one has the right to speak for him." "I'm not. I admit I don't know him well. I was speaking of my own experience with a man who was affected by the same loss." Emotions swelled in her voice like the rising tide, giving Hermione the opportunity to identify each one. Anger. Heartache. Defeat. Exhaustion. Feelings long suppressed sprang forth. Cho was such a practical person that Hermione had only seen her angry for the first time at brunch. Seeing the woman visibly upset startled her into moving closer, and offering silent reprieve and comfort in the form of an arm around her shoulder. Time continued as wordless tears slid down her flushed cheeks. Cho was embarrassed by her own feelings, batting the evidence away while apologising profusely. Hermione accepted none of her apologies, validating her feelings with support that grew into a hug. "I'll listen if you want to talk." "I should have known from the start it wouldn't end well." Numb stillness followed Hermione for the next set of hours, serving as a reminder that knowledge contained equal amounts of power and painÑas much a blessing as it was a curse. Thirty-seven silent minutes into her meeting with Theo, Hermione felt both damned and liberated by wisdom, but also convinced of Theo's awareness of her agitation. He'd cleared his schedule, but didn't disrupt the quiet. Perhaps he was testing her, waiting to see how long she would wait. For this, an eternity. Rather than allow herself to be consumed, Hermione sorted and arranged and compartmentalised. It was the only thing that kept her from hurling questions and demanding answers, the only activity that kept her mind calm. Serene. Exhaling a tiny breath, she continued her attempts to collect her thoughts. There were plenty. But this was a professional meeting and Hermione had brought along a stack of folders to review. Or simply stare at while replaying every word of a conversation that had lasted until Scorpius woke on his own. She had apologised for being late to return him for afternoon lessons, distracted instead by the memory of Scorpius staring at the stranger. Cho had only sobbed harder when he showed compassion in the small offer of one of Hermione's succulents. Cho. Her piece transported Hermione back to the beginning. Back to this quiet man. And now, he appeared to be less of a knotty enigma with cryptic advice and moreÉ human. Theo licked his fingertip before flipping to the next page in his book, glancing at her as if to give her an opportunity to break the silence. She opened her next set of folders, still staring blankly at the files in front of her. The move was met with an impressed eyebrow. He read on and Hermione appeared to do the same, but she might as well have been reading one of those dead languages for all she absorbed. All she could think about was the hindsight found in hints, clues, and bits of conversations. She wished she'd known. But what good would that knowledge have been? What would it have changed? Nothing. Hermione almost hated the word she'd spoken so fluidly before. "You've improved." "I'm always learning." Hermione closed her folder and began treating the conversation like a game of chess. Her first move was to let him set the tone. "I understand why you use silence as a weapon." "Or a means of defence." Theo gave her one of his knowing looks. "It depends on the situation, the person I'm speaking to, and what I intend to accomplish." "What do you intend to accomplish today?" Hermione waved her hand to pour them both a second cup of the peppermint and rosemary blend he liked so much. "A conversation, mainly, but also perhaps we can find answers to the questions I have." Funny. She had questions as well. Many. The collection of her questions grew larger, wider, deeper, but Hermione calmed her mind. Steadied herself. "I'm surprised you haven't answered your own questions." Her following chuckle was strategic and served to determine how relaxed he was. Very, judging by the steady hand holding his tea and the small smile on his face. "I have most of it figured out, true, but sometimes confirmation is key." Hermione took a sip from her teacup. "Where would you like to start?" "There is a security briefing on Monday at ten that you and the rest of the staff are required to attend." That wasn't expected. "Oh?" "Yes, there will be several topics of discussion." Theo sat straighter, sounding more official and less like a friend. "You aren't here much so this will be new information for you. The hospital has had three security breaches in the last month alone, so we've made changes to protocols as we investigate why these breaches keep occurring." "What sort of breaches?" "Unauthorised personnel attempting to gain access to restricted areas. Suspicious boxes found inside the hospital where they don't belong. Every bit of evidence leads me to believe there is a mole on the staff. As a result, we've taken to screening everyone." "Does the Ministry know? "No, but I've informed Hestia, Harry, and Draco. No one else. I've contracted the secrecy of those on important projects." The phrasing reminded her of a charmed parchment from her childhood. "Good idea." In that case, the ends justified the means. "Furthermore, we will be discussing everything we've learned about the airborne use of the poison, the proper charms to protect yourself, and distributing the new robes to protect against it should you come into contact with it." "How is the production going for the antidote?" "Top secret, but between you and I, it's progressing. With the Wizengamot attempting to assistÑ" "What's the caveat?" She already knew their involvement meant there was one. "They get a say in distribution and it will be available to all Ministry employees first." Hermione rolled her eyes at the corruption, counting down until a time when they wouldn't have to be in a resource competition with the people who were supposed to lead. "We should be fully stocked by October." "That's not soon enough, if Godric's Hollow told us anything." "I've been purchasing the antidote privately and St. Mungo's is stocked for a small-scale attack like the one at Godric's Hollow. But largerÉ" Theo shook his head. "How much have you brewed?" "Enough to cover everyone I know and myself, except Molly. She's already had the antidote so she's immune to being poisoned again." Hermione's mind kicked into overdrive. "I wonder if there's a way to take it prematurely, like a vaccine. Ideally, to test the theory you would need a sample of the poison. The powdered form should have been present at both the Ministry attack and Godric's Hollow." "You're right." Theo paused and sat his tea down. "I've been quietly having the research team attempt to replicate the poison with what was collected at both scenes. InÑ" "You're going toÑ" "I've had the idea for months. I just didn't have the poison available." Hermione sat back in her chair, letting everything sink in. "Threats are coming to the hospital, the Ministry, and any place under the Ministry's control." Theo's statement made sense, the list was long because the Ministry's reach was wide. "The full moon in August is on the thirteenth. Given what happened at your home, even though it happened outside your wards, I would err on the side of caution." "I'm still staying with the Malfoys at this time. If everything is finished by then, I'll be certain to stay home or with Pansy." Even with her party on an undetermined day, the group would likely kick-off the celebration of her actual birthday that day. "Speaking of Pansy, have you decided who you'll be going as?" "Colonel Brandon." A man with a tragic past who found love again. Hermione frowned, mouth tight. She exhaled. Now she was ready. "I need you to be honest with me." At the seriousness of her tone, Theo offered his undivided attention by sitting straighter in his chair. "It's not an easy topic to discuss, but Pansy and Ginny mentioned something that I found curious." "Oh?" "Why do you have a Pensieve?" Theo's signs of tension were subtle, but Hermione paid attention to something she might have otherwise filed away for later. The shift in his demeanour. The change in the energy between them. The slight gleam in his eyes. The levelled expression. She'd struck gold, but only because she knew where it was. "What do you know?" "One side of the story, but as your friend, I'd appreciate yours." Hermione folded her hands on the desk, catching the defensiveness she'd only seen when their topic drifted to things that mattered to him. This wasÉ personal. "I respect you enough not to make judgments before I know facts." "I appreciate that." He looked towards the window. "Cho?" "She confided in me under the guise of being worried about my relationship with Draco mirroring her relationship with you." Hermione refused to discuss the fact that she'd sobbed on her for the better part of an hour. "Does it?" Theo stared at her from across the desk. "No. As far as I know, his marriage was nothing more than a platonic partnership forged under a contract she took over after Daphne eloped with Dean." "She did it to protect her family, that's no secret." Theo stood and went to the window, looking out. Maybe it was for tactical purposes, but Hermione had seen him in a similar contemplative position in her conservatory and wondered if it was easier for him to speak when he could focus on the horizon or compare the different greys of the sky. "What did she give up?" "Nothing." "No." She didn't know why, but the word made her heart throb in pain. Hermione clenched her fists and exhaled. "I don't believe that. According to Daphne, Astoria couldn't muster feelings for Draco during their marriage. Was that because of you?" His lack of an answer was all the confirmation needed. "Does Draco know?" Before the question was even out, Hermione knew that answer, too. She felt sick. "It preceded their marriage and the war, if that's what you want to know. Not one-sided or unrequited. It was very much mutual." The quiet passion was evident in his tone as Theo told his truth. "It wasn't going to last anyway." "Why didn't you marry her beforeÑ" "Sins of the father." His chuckle was dry and filled with a type of sadness that burned. Hermione looked away, her stomach twisting with understanding of the generational nature of punishment. "The difference is that Draco and his family were exonerated. My father was not. It took years to bring my name out of the mud, not that it would have mattered. After Daphne, she was all they had left and they had already dedicated so much of their family's fortune to keeping her alive." It went unsaid, but Hermione knew. They couldn't pay the penalties of a broken contract. "Astoria knew she wouldn't live a full life. She was tired of their desperate attempts at curing her blood illness, so when Narcissa came along looking for penance, she saw an opportunity to fix all their problems at once." "Did she tell you beforehand?" "She did." Hermione couldn't imagine how that conversation went, but the hard look spoke only of pain. "Did youÉ" Hermione had to look away to ask the question. "Did you love her?" "Enough to let her go." Enough to later promise to care for Scorpius and Draco after she was gone. Hermione shook her head, feeling heavier as she put the painful pieces together to see the exact shape of duty. Love was a powerful motivator, but so was memory. That promise to her made Theo prioritise a person who had caused Astoria years of unhappiness as Draco's wife. How he did so without spite or malice, Hermione didn't know. "How are you friendly with Narcissa? HowÑ" "My promise to Astoria overrides my feelings about Narcissa's treatment of her. I leave the quiet anger to Draco and the louder spite to Daphne. I'm not a bitter man. I'mÑ" "How could you stand by and watch her marry someone she didn't love? Then have a childÉ" In another life, Scorpius could have beenÉ. Hermione couldn't fathom living with that sort of weight on her. The longing. "I told you once that there are several things required for two people to form a connection, and a relationship status isn't one of them." Theo glanced over his shoulder at her. "I meant that. We honoured her vowsÑ" "Draco knew from day one that he was committing to a life of nothing." And loneliness in certain aspects thatÑ Hermione took a deep breath and stared at her hands. They were locked together. Yes, he'd gotten a son, and a friendship, which afforded a certain degree of intimacy. Perhaps that was more than Draco had expected, maybe less, but she remembered Daphne saying Astoria knew he needed more. Perhaps love? Affection? The ability to take off his mask, shed his armour, and truly be vulnerable with another person? Partnerships should only be a facet of marriage, not the totality of it. But what did she know? Hermione wasn't well versed in love; her experience was limited and lacking. Maybe her inexperience inflated her views into the realm of idealism, but what she did understand was the reason why Draco was stern in his unwillingness to settle for nothing again. Real. Genuine. The core of his expectations. The reason Draco gave her time. Space. Why he took her hand. He was testing the simple luxury of reaching out and touching someone who might want to reach back. Touch, in itself, was a form of intimacy, a way to express emotions when words no longer held potency. Worry licked up the walls of her mind, flaring to life, but the flames were tempered by Theo and their unfinished conversation. "Cho doesn't know everything." "She knows enough, Theo. She told me you two were on and off for years in secret. She was there for you when you struggled and then when you mourned the loss of another woman. Someone else's wife. And you haven't stopped." Theo denied nothing. "Despite it all, she cares for you and thinks you're a good man. One who is unavailable because you're stuck in the past with a Pensieve of memories to keep you company. It's not that you can't let go, you just won't." "I'm not ready." Never had she heard him sound so earnest. So human. Hermione stood and joined him at the window. Now that Hermione's eyes were opened, Theo's pain was all she could see. She rested a gentle hand on his back for a moment of comfort. Support for a friend who had once done the same when she was lost. "I've realised that someone doesn't have to die in order for you to grieve their loss." Hermione peered up at her friend, who wouldn't look her in the eye. "I think you've been grieving for years in the name of duty. You need to let go, when you're ready, and when you do, remember that you aren't letting go of love or letting go of her. You're just letting go of the pain. You've been carrying it too long." Dinner was a quiet affair, other than Narcissa's attempts at conversation and engagement. Thankfully, she was feeling better from earlier, but in the same breath, she was trying to prod Hermione into conversation and not doing a good job at hiding it. She knew she should have diverted and encouraged more interaction between her and Scorpius, but she was drained, empty, and in no mood. Scorpius held on to her cardigan throughout dinner, but she thought it was more because of her silence than his nerves. Comfort. For her. "Are you feeling well tonight, Miss Granger?" She wasn't going to answer, but there was a concerned little boy hanging on to her every word. "I'm fine, thank you. Just tired. It's been quite a day." "I heard you took Scorpius to visit his father for lunch. Hopefully, it was before the unfortunate news broke in the Prophet's evening edition." Hermione had forgotten all about that in the wake of the day, but she couldn't muster the energy to wonder what had transpired. "He advised he would be having dinner elsewhere." She had told Scorpius already to ease his disappointment over Draco's absence. "I imagine that is why Draco is delayed." Narcissa made a contended noise that was clearly an attempt to draw Hermione into her snare of conversation. "It has been nice having him home for dinner as of late." Returning to stifling her words, Hermione finished her water as dinner concluded. Narcissa feigned tiredness after her third potion and bid them both good night. With just the two of them, Scorpius relaxed completely, signing to ask if she was okay. Hermione put on her bravest smile. "I'm fine." Cleaning after themselves passed in a blur with a helpful little boy rinsing dishes that easily could have been scrubbed with magic. Catherine handled his bedtime preparations, Hermione followed with a story, and once they finished Winnie the Pooh, she turned on the projector and picked out as many constellations as she could find until she noticed he'd fallen asleep. After that, time burned like a hidden fire that threatened to break out into a devastating conflagration. Hermione worked in Draco's office, or tried to. Thoughts and feelings poured through her fingers like sand. With Scorpius in bed, her work finished for the evening, and Draco running very late, there was little to distract her. She was tired enough to consider taking another potion to ensure she would be awake when Draco arrived home, but knew better. More than one potion would make sleep impossible for days so she took to the outdoors to clear her mind. Her thoughts followed anyway. There was no storm in the forecast, but the air seemed disturbed. Charged. Or maybe she was projecting. The garden wasn't as vast as the space surrounding her house, nor as open, but for tonight, it would have to do. Hermione tilted her head up to the dark sky and opened her mind, allowing herself to arrange the story of Astoria, Draco, and Theo. She didn't know everything, but what she did know made her heart ache for them all. Deep in thought, Hermione only realised she wasn't alone when she turned to go inside and spotted Draco by the glass door, the dull living room light illuminating him. Waiting. She didn't remember much about the walk across the grass, but he silently held the door open for her. They ended up in the living room. Draco settled into the armchair but Hermione was too restless to sit. "How long have you been home?" "Long enough." Draco's voice was as stiff as his body. There was caution in his narrowed eyes. "I imagine you have questions for meÉ pertaining to your earlier conversation." A breath escaped her. "He told you." "He did." Draco took off his glasses and placed them on the table, pinching the bridge of his nose between his fingers. "I was hoping to have this conversation at a later point, but I knew what I was getting into when I married Astoria. We both knew exactly what our marriage was and what it wasn't. I'm not a perfect man, nor was I a perfect husband. She deserved far better than what she got." "So did you." Hermione looked down at her shoes. "You still do." Her words pulled Draco from the chair into her orbit, but gravity kept Hermione grounded, making her stay instead of flying off at his approach. At his touch. The purpose in it. The quiet request that accompanied the fingers sliding between hers. Hermione unconsciously stepped closer, letting him lead her back to his office, where they sat together on his sofa. Ending the day just how it started. The touch was followed by a silence she couldn't sustain. "Daphne said she was your best friend." "She was." Draco remained quiet for a long moment as he seemed to carefully walk a rough road. "But I don't mourn for her like Theo does, if that's what you're concerned about. I do grieve her. It's not out ofÉ" He looked away, jaw working through the difficulty of each word. "If that's why you feel you need to know the details, then you're mistaken. Our marriage was one ofÑ" "I'm aware." Try as she might, Hermione couldn't slow her pulse enough to hide her own nervous tension. "You have a past, just as I do. Regardless of the circumstances of your marriage, Astoria was your wife. I respect that. You're allowed to process her loss and grieve, even as you try to navigate things with me." "Then whyÑ" "I-I want to know so I can understand better. It'sÉ a lot to absorb. All of it." Hermione's confession felt monumental, but from the look he was giving her, he knew it all too well. "But I don't want to discuss it tonight." "Agreed." It happened easily. Naturally. They went their separate ways to change into pyjamas, and upon her return, Hermione found Draco wearing familiar frames while reading a book that floated at his eye level. The Picture of Dorian Gray. Second edition. The pages looked worn. Used. He'd read it before. Apparently, many times. One finger swipe turned the page with fluid ease. Hermione initially leaned in to read over his shoulder, but one sidelong glance forced her to summon her own book and make herself comfortable beside him. A hand absently found hers with growing ease that transferred to her. Knowing the significance of his casual touches helped her settle. Relax. Well, somewhat. Soon, all was silent except the occasional turn of pages and their measured breaths. The weight and warmth of his hand served as a reminder of the shift between them. Just another in a series of what had already transpired and what was yet to come. Hermione mulled over her remaining time at the Malfoys' home while continuing to read about Anne's remaining time in Uppercross. Just when she was beginning to fall down a rabbit hole of thoughts, in a move that felt like another test, Draco brought their joined hands to his lips and brushed a kiss over her knuckles. A flash of surprised pleasure coursed through her, but his eyes never left the book. The clock on the wall chimed to note the new hour. Long after his lips were gone, the warmth remained. When words don't come easy, I make do with silence and find something in nothing. Strider Marcus Jones Chapter End Notes Thank you all for your love. Also, Happy Friday to the non-sexual intimacy and domestic sexual tension tags only. Prob should add light jealous Draco because buddy was suspiciously glaring at those carnations. For the tumblr followers, the the obscure hint wasn't what was in the painting, it was who painted it: Renoir. Briefly mentioned as the answer to the word to Draco's crossword Hermione answers. Sorry for the obscure. Art for this chapter: Scorpius Malfoy in Mittens and Goggles by mignon-chigon & Scorpius Malfoy smoothing Draco's eyebrows by bookloverdream & Glaring Scorpius by mignon-chigon & The bookshelf ft. The Potato by johnmulaneyscousin & Draco, Hermione and Scorpius in the Ministry by Ectoheart & Scorpius & Luna in the Greenhouse by meriyart Embedded art by Jaxx-in-a-box [ Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Chapter 25:Trouble Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Twenty Five Trouble August 3, 2011 Trouble never slept. It lingered out of sight, making itself known slowly, then all at once. In Hermione's vegetable garden, wilt and yellowing leaves were usually the first signs of trouble's arrival. A normal occurrence; it could be corrected with moreÑor lessÑattention in the form of water or light or time. But sometimes, trouble started out of sight: at the roots. The first sign was already too late. The same concept applied to people. To Scorpius. Hindsight was a course Hermione took, and the current lesson began a little over a week ago, in the form of a pause during a sign language session when the little boy cast a frowning glance at his hands and the two fingers he absently tapped together. Like all his other moody moments, she smoothed it away with a thumb. A small smile had been offered in return, but it hadn't reached his eyes. Not uncommon, but now Hermione knew the look's name. Trouble. Days passed and more signs appeared. Scattered concentration. Distant looks. Swelling frustration. A haunting sadness settled over Scorpius like a mist. Visible yet uncatchable. It dimmed the light in his eyes, depleted his energy, and made him cling to anything. The cactus. Her. Draco. Even Catherine. And four days ago, when Hermione found him hiding under the covers in her guest room while he was supposed to be in lessons, she joined him, accepting the reality that trouble was here to stay until they figured out the root. Like any gardener would, Hermione cultivated the rough patches and paid close attention, looking for any signs of spreading. She spent a little more time tending to him, but instead of tackling the problem on her own, she reached for outside help. Catherine monitored him during lessons. Narcissa suspended her efforts for closeness. And Draco remained present, keeping their routine and bond stable, which ended in a lot of moments with little feet tucked under his father's leg. In the late hours, they discussed suspicions and solutions for the change in Scorpius' mood, but neither had concrete ideas. But he got worse. Subtle trouble became obvious when his mood browned. He stopped smiling or responding to Draco's promise of tomorrow, and was visibly anxious as his cry for help grew louder. Hermione was at a loss. She tried to talk to him and comfort him, but it was hard not knowing what was wrong. Scorpius' mood infected those around him. Draco reverted back to uncertainty, all growing confidence smothered. She mourned the loss of progress. Narcissa began trying to push for engagement, like everything was all right, until Hermione had to tell her privately that it wasn't. He wasn't. And the biggest sign yet occurred that morning. Scorpius refused to sign. It made for a horrible day for everyone around him, herself included. Goldstein had notified her that he was finished working on her wards the day before, and Hermione was fully cleared to return home. But how could she now? Hermione wrestled with the decision all day, but she found her answer when Scorpius took to the outdoors in his pyjamas, ignoring Catherine's call for bedtime. She and Draco had plans as part of theirÑwell, Hermione still had no name for something they had only done twice before due to the chaos occurring at the Ministry. Both evenings were nice, even if coloured by their worries for his son. Instead of a stroll across Albert Bridge for a night view and conversation, they watched Scorpius lie on the grass in the middle of the garden, his chest rising and falling slowly as he inhaled and exhaled. A silent exchange rescheduled their plans. Hermione could feel emotions thicken in her chest at the reality of him struggling like this, but the quiet stress bleeding from his father stopped hers from cresting. Draco was every bit a strategist. Methodical rather than intuitive, he had no solution to a problem he had no experience handling, and she knew he was even more helpless without the proper tools. But she had them. Sometimes when I feel nervous or scared, when everything feels too big and I'm worried, I look to the sky and breathe. But clouds covered the stars tonight, even Polaris, the waxing crescent occasionally parted to allow some light to fall. It was nice, but without the stars, Scorpius was as adrift as a sailor who had lost their True North. He wasn't the only lost soul either. Draco's hands were clasped behind him, his expression both thoughtful and puzzled. The closer Hermione looked, the more signs of tension became evident. The way he carried himself. The undone button and lack of tie. But the clearest sign was his hair, which looked tousled from his hands. "Should I go to him?" Draco sounded so unsure. "IÉ don't know what he's doing." "Coping, I think." Hermione coiled a bit of hair around her finger. "I'm not sure." Scorpius looked so small out there alone. The sight tugged at herÑhardÑgrowing more difficult to witness by the minute. "Now that the warding is complete at your home, I understand you were to return tonightÑ" "I don't want to leave while he's like this, if that's okay with you." The change in her added presence was new and Scorpius knew it to be temporary, but it seemed counterproductive to leave at the height of his turmoil. "I want to see if I can help him first andÑwell, it's a little late for that walk. But I'm sure we can still find something to debate about." There was a pause as he shifted his weight from one foot to the other. "You do have very strong opinions about how I organise the books in my office." "It's chaotic at best, unorganised at worst." A weak smile tugged at her lips. Maybe a methodical act would relax him. "First things first. Can you make us tea? If we're not back by the time you finish, bring a blanket and prepare to wait him out." He clearly found the request odd. "What are you going to do?" "Improvise." Hermione pulled her hair into a high bun. "I am situationally capable." Uttered with determination, the comment brought her to Scorpius' side. Hermione laid next to him in the grass, feeling it tickle her exposed skin as she joined his search of the sky. It was dark, and the breeze was gentle albeit intermittent, carrying with it the ominous scent of rain, but it wouldn't storm. Not tonight, at least. "How can I help?" The question was low and careful, just between them. She sought permission to ask almost as much as an answer. Scorpius turned to her. Akin to a physical blow, it struck her that in so little time what started as a spot of trouble had browned so badly. "I may not know what you're feeling right now, but I do know something is bothering you." She noticed his intense focus on her. "And that's okay. We're all just worried about you." Stress flickered across his frowning face. He lifted his hands to sign but pulled them close to his chest, clearly torn, hurt by something invisible that kept him clammed up. The ache in her chest worsened. "It's okay if you can't tell us. We worry because we care, but I won't make you sign to me. It's always your choice. When you're ready. When you feel like you can. You know that right?" Scorpius nodded slowly. "Good." Hermione gave him a patient smile, picking a blade of grass from his hair. "I did notice you were looking for the stars. It's cloudy so you can't see them, but they're always there. Remember what I said before?" A little hand found the sleeve of her shirt and that was all the answer she needed. "Breathe." Scorpius took an audible breath and exhaled. Then another. By the third, he was shifting closer to shorten his reach. Relief made her head swim. It was tentative, but something Hermione held on to nonetheless. Hope ran eternal, and hers helped to remove the immobile feeling and allowed her to focus on the bigger picture. Scorpius was focused on her instead of the sky, seeking her out in small actions. Not as lost as she thought. "When you're ready, we can go inside and I'll make you and your dad the biscuits you both like." The prospect intrigued him, but she was ready for the punchline. "You can help. I'll even let you shape them however you like." That got them up and moving, entering the house hand in hand, just as Draco was placing two cups of tea on the island with what looked like a glass of milk. For Scorpius. Hermione directed the little boy to wash his hands and he left with a nod, still very muted but responsive. "How did you manage that?" "We're going to bake lemon biscuits." She sidestepped Draco to wash her hands at the sink. "I bake pie when I'm upset. I thought it might work for him." "Is that what Potter meant by sad pie?" "You remember that?" Hermione dried her hands on a clean cloth with a mortified cringe. "Well, yes." First order of business was to fish her recipe book from her bag. If Draco expressed any exasperation or amusement, it vanished by the time he took his seat at the island. Scorpius returned to her setting up with fresh hands and a blank expression. She missed his smile. But Hermione kept hers in place. With just tea, Draco had little to hide from her notice. He was watching. Lemons zest and juice. Butter. Caster sugar. Egg. Flour. Baking powder. Hermione mixed the liquids, guided Scorpius step by step through measuring and mixing the solids, and once combined and settled, they shaped the dough into little triangles. His choice. While the biscuits baked, Scorpius trailed after Hermione as she cleaned, helping despite appearing a little tired and needy. She waited until the triangle biscuits were done, cooled, and a few consumed before making her next suggestion. "Pick any book you want." Draco waited with her on the sofa, leaving a Scorpius-sized space between them that was filled upon his return. He presented his book of choice to his father first. "Is this the story you want to hear?" There was still a gruff uncertainty about Draco. "Where The Wild Things Are." He cocked a brow and looked at her. "Your doing, I presume." "Correct, but only because it's Al's favourite and I've read it to him a few times." Scorpius had little reaction to hearing his friend's name, just more out of character sullenness as he handed her the book, his lip slightly poked. "Are you okay?" The question stilled him. Hermione had a flashback to the very first time she'd asked, but unlike the memorable day in front of the window, he didn't break. Instead, his little body went rigid. Although close enough to rest a hand on him, Draco didn't. He only boldly observed. Comfort was uncharted territory only Hermione had weathered. Scorpius, meanwhile, took a breath that worried her and crawled into her lap, tucking the top of his head into the crook of her neck. It wasn't new but Scorpius had only done it once before. Hermione accepted his weight, noting just how tense he was. Even when she wrapped an arm around him, he didn't settle. Scorpius wasn't himself, and Draco could tell enough to slide closer when his son stared at him. When he put his feet in his father's lap, he seemed a little more settled, but still not right. She started reading to quell the worry that was weighing on her. Draco rested a hand on Scorpius' ankle. As Hermione read, her eyes wandered between three points: the book, the still child in her lap, and the man who was looking on and listening. The story progressed, and Scorpius did the opposite of what she had expected. Tensing more instead of relaxing. Listening instead of wanting to turn the pages. Something was definitely wrong. The list of possibilities in her head grew, but she couldn't pinpoint one, so Hermione read on as it became more and more apparent that Scorpius was not okay. He didn't want her to stop, given his reaction when she asked, pointing to the page as if to go on. As if he needed the distraction. Not that it was working. "I have nothing now but praise for my life," Hermione read carefully, struggling to ignore the deep breath Scorpius tookÑso sharp it made Draco pat his ankle in awkward reassurance. "I'm not unhappy. IÑ" The tiny sob sounded like a cough. She froze, looking down at Scorpius, whose eyes were heavy with unshed tears. He pointed at the book, urging her to continue, but story time was over. "It's okay." Before Hermione could place the book on the table, he crumpled. She dropped it anyway, forgotten at her feet, in favour of gathering the little boy in her arms and holding him close as he cried it out. He let go of everything he'd been holding in, all while she mentally finished the passage that broke him. I cry a lot because I miss people. They die and I can't stop them. They leave me and I love them more. What was wrong with Scorpius was simple. One word that encompassed so many emotions and had thousands of faces that didn't look the same. One word that had a beginning, but no middle or end. It could be created but not destroyedÑonly shifted, flared, and dulled. Grief. There was no telling what sparked it in Scorpius. It didn't matter how well he had been in the months since she had last held him like this, there was still a hole in his life that could only be filled by someone who was gone. He mourned the absence and Hermione just held him, his sobs echoing in the quiet room. She tried. Truly tried. But hearing Scorpius so upset, feeling him shake in her armsÉ It was more than sadness, a different sort of pain Hermione would never understand. Could never ignore. Not even if she wanted to. It tore her down and she surrendered, closing her eyes and losing herself in the deafening sound of Scorpius' grief. And though she felt tears stinging her own eyes, Hermione did her best to comfort him even when her heart was being squeezed too tight. She felt a familiar helplessness, one that wanted to take it away. But she couldn't. And more than that, she felt overwhelmed by the true depth of sadness that he opened up before her. Unmoored. AloneÉ But she wasn't. How long before she remembered Draco's presence, Hermione had no idea. She opened her eyes and there he was, moved to his knees in front of her, looking carefully blank. Torn. And strangely enough, knowing she wasn't the only one who had lost themselves to Scorpius' misery calmed her and helped her focus. Scorpius also noticed his dad. His face was still red, wet, and miserable, but he rested his head under her chin. "It's okay to be sad, love." Scorpius took another shuddering breath as Hermione wiped his tears with her thumbsÑa fruitless attempt as more fell to replace them. "You don't have to keep it in." It happened slowly, then in a rush that left Draco rooted to the spot, staring at his son who had unexpectedly reached for him, seeking a connection that brought them face to face. Eye to eye. This was it. Draco's chance to build on the foundation he'd only just created. A chance to be more than a figure. A chance to be the person Scorpius sought for comfort. And he took it. Not with an overt gestureÑno, he wasn't the sortÑbut with quiet acceptance. It was hard to tell if Draco drew him forward or Scorpius leaned into his embrace, but one second they were staring at each other and the next Draco was hugging him. Holding him in a way that was as unsteady as their bond. But it held true as the little boy gripped his dad's shirt, fully scrambling out of her arms and into his. Time passed as it always did, with Draco staring at the top of his son's head, his face a blend of emotions. Hermione allowed him the privacy to feel without her analysis. Scorpius spent it with his head over his father's heart, holding on tightly as if anxious about being let go. There was nothing to worry about. Draco wasn't letting go. Instead of more tears, Scorpius calmed, breathing in the comforting presence he'd needed all along. His father. Draco slowly moved from the floor back to the sofa, looking bewildered and overwhelmed, but there was also something content about him now. Settled. Hermione excused herself to give father and son space, but Draco's hand on her knee kept her in place, his request for her presence echoing in her head. And she acquiesced the only way she knew how. Scooting closer, she placed her hand just above his on Scorpius' back. His breathing was slow, deep, and even though his head was turned away, Hermione could tell he was awake by the way he kept adjusting his grip on Draco's shirt. "Do youÉ have anything of hers he can look at?" To help him remember. "I do, but my mother doesn't think he's old enÑ" Something shifted. If it was a change in his attitude or in the air, Hermione wasn't certain. But his jaw worked as he adjusted Scorpius in his arms. There was a moment where he seemed to waver, but then his shoulders relaxed. Hermione knew the look, having seen it so recently. A decision had been made. "I'm done." What? Draco rose to his feet, manoeuvring his son in his arms, and Scorpius turned his head, looking puzzled but bleary-eyed. Reflexively, Hermione stood as well, curiously staring at the impassive man and waiting for an explanation that never came. He started towards the stairs and she followed, eyes on Scorpius, who had a thumb in his mouth and an arm around his dad's neck. They passed Scorpius' bedroom door, but didn't quite get to the guest room she'd been staying in before Draco stopped at a door she must have passed so many times without notice. It appeared as if by magic. Before she could utter a question, Draco opened the door and wordlessly entered while she remained in the doorway. She knew to stay. It looked like a storage room of sorts. Stacked boxes here and there. Rolled up rugs piled in a different corner. Puzzlement about the room's identity gave way to clarity after she spotted the telly on the floor. Astoria's. Or the remains of what had once been her room. Draco carried Scorpius to a portrait that was as tall as the little boy in the back of the room, angled and too far away for her to see. After putting him down, Draco kneeled next to him. She just knew what they were looking at. Or rather, who. Scorpius reached out and Hermione looked away with a shock of understanding. Feeling and insight coloured the moment, deepened its hues, and set it apart from others before and after. His mood swing was a product of grief, but one clear subsection was his inability to remember his mother's face. She left to give them both time, but Draco's last murmured words caught her. "Whatever you want to know about your mother, I'll tell you." Tears returned. Not of sadness, loss, or even relief for Scorpius who needed this promise from his father more than anything. Hermione had certainly shed many tears bearing those descriptions, but not these. The tears she quietly wept were the result of being overcome with emotion. Overwhelmed by the process of piecing together lines to form an incomplete story of how they all got here. It was a story with no winners, no heroes, no stars. Ugly and tragic. Sad and lonely for all parties in different ways, some worse than others, but one person's pain never outweighed another's. And through everything, there was love in all its multifaceted glory. For Scorpius. Hermione found it all bittersweetÑmore bitter than sweetÑbut it still managed to take her breath away. By the time Draco emerged alone, Hermione's eyes were dry. She'd taken down her hair and sat on the floor, legs crossed, her head resting on the wall. "How is he?" she asked without looking. "He seems better. Looking at his mother's portrait." "Do you think he'll talk to her?" "No, he can't. Astoria's portrait is mundane. It was a last act of rebellion against my mother after demanding she commission one, as per tradition. She thought Scorpius wouldn't move on if sheÉ" Was always there. It seemed Astoria had considered everything before the end. Even how much she would be missed by the one she loved the most. Draco sat next to her, knees bent. There was something calm yet unsettled. Hermione couldn't fathom, but theorised that it was his calculating mind processing information rapidly. Plotting. "Your mother was firmly against the idea of grief counselling, butÑ" "Is firmly against the idea." His correction was sharp, an acrid bitterness in his voice. "Even though therapy didn't help me, I have a different school of thought for Scorpius." "He's young. Armed with proper coping mechanisms, he can thrive. I'm doing what I can, but moments like this remind me that he needs more. Easy to forget when he's in a better mood, when he's happy and smiling, but grief isÉ Well, you know how it works." "I do." His quiet words held weight, reminding her that grief was an old foe of his. Draco had to know what it looked like. He'd seen enough of it over the yearsÉ Scorpius emerged from the room and carefully closed the door, looking calm and content. The peace he exuded was indescribable as he squeezed into the spot between them, mirroring her positioning while resting his head on his dad. "Better?" He raised his fist and answered yes. August 5, 2011 The key to having difficult conversations was approaching the topic with a well thought out goal and being prepared for an array of reactions. Timing was important as well, which was why Hermione considered calling off the entire discussion after noting Narcissa's mood at breakfast in the form of a snippy comment to the retreating form of Sachs. She and Draco exchanged a look over the top of Scorpius' head. Yes, there were signs of trouble, but not enough for them to reschedule. Scorpius stared at his grandmother, not breaking eye contact, even when offering his father a forkful of eggs. Scorpius had no problem sharing, but Draco had opted for tea in place of breakfast. Clearly, his son didn't approve of the decision. Still, he didn't refuse the offering. Hermione quietly insisted Scorpius finish his smoothie as she began planning lunch. He would be hungry. When Scorpius finished, he completed his routine of bowing politely to his grandmother before approaching Hermione, who accepted a warm hug. Things were returning to normal after a week of turmoil. She was glad for it and felt better about returning home. Before Scorpius could present himself to his dad, Draco cleared his throat and excused himself from the table. Tossing a bewildered look at him, her confusion quickly morphed into surprise. Draco extended a hand to his son. He wanted to walk him to lessons. "Ready?" Scorpius nodded and left her side, approaching Draco and slowly slipping his hand into his father's larger one, peering up at him with a shy adoration only a five-year-old could manage. As soon as they were gone, Hermione shook the smile off her face and picked up her wand. Time to work. "Before you ask, I feel quite fine this morning." "That's good to hear." But Hermione didn't get a chance to further engage her in polite conversation until Draco's return, as per their plan. Narcissa rested back on her chair. Her posture was as crisp as her periwinkle robes, but the older witch was staring at her with stony scrutiny. "I am aware that you and Draco intend to speak with me about adopting Muggle practices into my current care plan." Hermione was floored but quickly regained her footing. She shouldn't have been surprised. Narcissa didn't get where she was without keen observational skills, and when the opportunity arose, she already had the words arranged and didn't mince them one bit. What would have been overwhelming to most was not to Hermione. She was prepared. "I have nothing to say on the matter to my son or you, Miss Granger." "Healthy and strong communication is key to your care, which means we need to talk about this." Hermione placed her hands in her lap. Patience was the theme of the day, and given the subject of their conversation, she already knew she'd need every bit of it she could muster. "I would appreciate it if you listened to what we have to say, and I promise we will do the same, but first you should finish your breakfast." Narcissa did, but at her own paceÑjust like everything else. There was something lurking in the quick glances and the slight tremor she tried to hide; a current of unease coloured her demeanour. It kept Hermione on guard. But she was better versed than ever in the language of Narcissa Malfoy and understood her little ticks. The obvious cues indicated Narcissa wanted to speak. To her. Directly. Draco hadn't returned, which was likely why she seized the chance by placing her fork on the plate of half-eaten food and levelling Hermione with another one of her looks that could cut through steel. "I may be sick, but I am not blind." Narcissa tapped a fingernail, much like Draco did when he was restless. She had a feeling it meant something else to his mother, but she held her breath regardless, mind racing at the prospect of a conversation she was not yet ready to have. "I know you are the reason Draco has been increasingly persistent about everything." Hermione waited with bated breath, but when there was no mention of their shift toÉ something, she exhaled in relief, making certain not to show it. "I hardly think I can persuade him to do anything he doesn't already want to do." "Perhaps not." There was a distant quality to Narcissa's voice. "You have been filling his head up for months with ideas that go against our culture. Not only is it not your place, but you don't understand the concept ofÑ" "It's not, nor will it ever be my place to dictate the relationship between a father and his son." Hermione held her ground for what was shaping up to be quite the dressing down. "You're trying to evade and I won't let you. I'm not the person you want to argue with. He happens to be upstairs and will return soon. I refuse to speak of and for Draco in hypotheticals or make assumptions without him present." "Draco, is it?" Narcissa looked vaguely surprised. "That is an interesting change." "We aren't here to discuss that. I only want to talk to you about a treatment option we have both thoroughly researched, one that you continue to resist without explanation." "Both of you should respect my wishes." "Or you could actually explain your wishes to me in detail. I'm more than willing to listen." Hermione sat back in her own seat, mirroring her patient's stance. "When I became your Healer, you wanted time, yet you rejected the most effective treatment plan. This leads me to believe that either you haven't been honest about what you want or it's changed. I want to understand. MaybeÑ" "I don't owe you anything." "Perhaps not." The sharp knife of Draco's voice cut through the building tension, making them both turn their heads. He stood in the archway, filling the space, with his burning glare focused on his mother. "But you do owe me." Hermione watched as he approached with confident steps. She had a hard time looking away, but she managed, turning back to Narcissa as she assessed her son with a critical scrutiny. His blank expression transformed into one of patience when he sat at the head of the table. Waiting. For the right moment or words, Hermione didn't know. She caught his eye momentarily and looked down at her empty plate, but not before Draco rested his elbows on the arms of the chair, linking his fingers together in a clear invitation to begin. So Hermione did just that. "I'd rather not argue needlessly, Narcissa, so I propose an open dialogue. As we've discussed many timesÑ" "I'd rather not." "We've established this, Mother," Draco said with a careful crispness, as though the words were edged and he had to be careful extracting each one. "I have theories about your reasons, but you're the only one who can explain." A perfectly reasonable statement, it was the most she'd heard him talk to his mother in months. Outside of arguments. Her internal wince was instinctual, even though it never made it to her outward expression. "Research shows that potions, in addition to Muggle medicines and therapyÑboth occupational and physicalÑwould be the most effective course of treatment. There is time to begin and make additions. I have a list of excellent therapists in the area and a Squib doctor willing to start you onÑ" "You've wasted your time with this research." Draco said nothing but it appeared to be a close call. "Why?" Hermione took the lead. "Narcissa, the only way to effectively communicate is to actually communicate. I've been stating my case with you for the last few months, as has Draco. Now it's time for you to state yours." Narcissa looked like she'd rather chew on sawdust. "I don't trust Muggles, that I won't deny." She looked right at Hermione, issuing a challenge. One Hermione didn't accept. "I'd like to know why." "I know I appear aloof." Narcissa addressed them both. "I am sure you think I am keeping myself too busy to avoid what is happening to me. But I assure you I am not. I have read your care package cover to cover, Miss Granger. I reviewed each suggestion for Muggle medicine in that package and have made specific inquiries regarding how they work and what they'll do to my body. Your plan involves medicines that treat the symptoms, not the cause, and while I am aware my disease is terminal, your course of action is not worth the cost." "What cost?" "I have seen what Muggles do with their medicine. It is practically poison in a bottle. Some treatments have side effects that are worse than the disease. I would rather not subject my body to the mercy of their medicine." Draco's reaction to his mother's statement was immediate: he was rendered speechless. Hermione knew better. It wasn't a good idea for such a silence to linger any longer than necessary. After rapidly arranging and organising them, she chose her next words carefully, very aware of the game of chess they were playing. "There are also side effects with your potionsÑ" "Precisely my point. I have side effects from my current potions regime, yet now you both want me to suffer through more to take some Muggle medicine that still will not cure me. No. I refuse. I am dying." Narcissa pursed her lips; an expression that spoke volumes about how difficult it was to utter the word out loud. Narcissa shut her eyes for a moment, steadying herself. "I have no control over that, but I do have the ability to preserve my dignity and autonomy for as long as possible. This is my decision to make." "I understand. I do." As painful as it was. "But why not therapy? Occupational and physical therapy are used in conjunction with other treatments and have the potential to significantly improve your quality of life. My knowledge was limited when I first started, as you know, I'm not a professional in those areas, but I have done copious amounts of research into the matter. They have tried and tested methods for your condition. And it's not just for you, it's for Draco as wellÑ" "Wait what?" The wizard at the head of the table looked extremely confused. "I wasn't made aware of this." "Of course, it's for you as well." Hermione looked at him. "She has a Palliative Care team, yes, but you need to know, too." Draco blinked and she let him process her statement, returning to Narcissa. "Occupational therapy, at the very least, will help figure out a common language of care. As for Draco, it's purely for his education. They can evaluate your home better and make suggestions that will benefit you as your disease progresses. Furthermore, while I believe what we've accomplished through gardening does help, they can pay better attention to your strengths and weaknesses both now and in the future." During her speech, Narcissa grew visibly irritated. Not nearly as bad as Draco, but close. "I don't think you understand how difficult this process has been on me." Her bitterness was clear and understandable. Expected, even. It was normal to feel shock, sadness, anger, and helplessness. Coping with dying was conceptual in nature, a multifaceted process that challenged everyone and everythingÑeven Hermione. "No, I don't." Hermione's gaze stayed steady on the vulnerable woman sitting across from her. "I won't understand until it's my turn. There is so much you keep to yourself that no one can even begin to try and understand. But you hired me to provide the best care. Medication aside, IÑ" "And if your plans for Muggle therapies are ineffective? What then?" "We keep trying." "No." Hermione started to speak, but hesitated upon seeing Draco, who was looking at his mother with such incredulousness that it stole her breath. Narcissa didn't notice; her focus and attention remained on Hermione. "What you're saying is that due to additional side effects, you're not willing to take the best option." Not a question, but a statement. Narcissa looked at her son, bold as ever. "That is exactly what I am saying, Draco." Hermione knew in that second the discussion was about to catch fire in the worst way. The tension was suffocating. Taut. Silence grew like flames she couldn't put out. There was a furious glint in his grey eyes that couldn't be ignored. She knew the look. Draco was about to snap and lay waste to the conversation. Today it was more than him spoiling for a fight. This was a long time coming. Hermione considered stopping him, seizing the reins, but she didn't. Instead, she watched him remove and fold his glasses, placing them on the table. Draco was firmly in control of himself, that much was clear, but there was something potentÑnot anger, but not apathyÑ rolling off of him in building waves, getting stronger and stronger by the second. It was far more overwhelming than the discontent still flowing freely from Narcissa. Why make him keep something inside that so clearly wanted out? Hermione braced herself for the heat. She didn't have to wait long. "I have done everything you've asked of me with little complaint." Though subtle, there was no mistaking the sharp edge in his words, crisp enough for his tongue to carve out every syllable. "Just onceÑ" The crack in his voice made Hermione wince, but then he stopped, pulling himself together the same way Hermione had seen Scorpius do before. And she found herself wondering if this was a learned behaviour or if it was intrinsically him. A trait he'd passed along to his son. "Draco." Narcissa said his name like both a sigh and a whisper, something that would disappear if she tried to touch it. But that was all it took for the manifestation of last night's shift to come spilling from him in a torrent. He likely couldn't have stopped himself even if he'd tried. And he didn't. "I've spent months since your diagnosis trying to save you. When I realised I couldn't, I dedicated my time to figuring out the best option to preserve your body and mind as long as possible. Countless hours of research." "DraÑ" He wasn't allowing any interruptions. "I created a theoretical potion to combine your current doses into one to maximize the benefits, I've even gotten Granger to agree to try it, but you don't have the fucking decency to put forth any additional effort. I don't know why I bothered investing my time when you're intent on wasting everyone's else's. I'mÑ" Draco stood abruptly. Unconsciously, Hermione raised her hand to stop him, but he was too far out of reach. And then Narcissa was on her feet, too. "You have no idea what this has been like for me Draco. None!" Narcissa's clenched fists were shaking at her sides. "There are days I wish I did not wake. Some days I wake and I do not remember anything for several minutes. I have momentsÉ" She trailed off, taking breath after breath, trying to grasp control of herself. Hermione didn't move, just let her speak. Finally. "I have spent months trying to cope with the fact that I am dying and I have little say in the matter and even less control over what will happen to me. One day I will leave and not return to myself as I know it. Yes, the symptoms are better, but nothing will stop this. I will still forget and one day I won't remember anything. I will still have tremors and they will worsen. I will still end up in rooms and places I have no recollection of going into! And no matter what, I will stillÑ" Narcissa paused with difficulty. "Draco, I have done everything I can to remain normal through it all. I am owed this bit of grace and dignity to choose how I decline." "No one is asking you to maintain normality." Hermione kept her tone neutral. "Normal is finished. You are in an entirely new world now and you need people. You need Draco more than anyone. I know that's not what you're used toÑ" "No, it's not, Miss Granger. I have admitted to struggling and you both want me to give up more controlÑ" "It's not about controlling you." Hermione placed her hands on the table placidly. "This is about protecting you. Keeping your body strongÑ" "While my mind continues to deteriorate with no hope for reversal." "MotherÑ" "Fine, I will take your treatment option." Hermione's heart leapt in her chest too soon. Narcissa wasn't done. "But only if you take remarrying more seriously, Draco. Attend marriage dates. Officially court one of the witches on the list. You don't have to like her or even make it official, just make an effort." Draco visibly recoiled. First in shock. Then in anger. Fury. "You're actually trying to negotiate this?" "You want something." Narcissa folded her arms. "Well, so do I." He shook his head in disbelief. "You're negotiating my marriage over your quality of life. Are youÑ" Draco's face went perfectly blank, chillingly so. "No, you're not." "I am not." The atmosphere between them devolved. Hermione remained helpless to do anything except watch. This was not her fight. "You've always wanted things done your way, only bending for tactical reasons." It wasn't his quiet ire that made a shiver race down her spine, it was the dull, humourless chuckle that followed. "And you wonder why we fight." "I have been through every step of this alone because you can't stand the sight of me." "How can I?" Draco's question was brutal. Narcissa rocked back on her heels as if taking a physical blow. And he wasn't done. "You have pushed duty so far down my throat that I am suffocating on your expectations. I've done everything you've ever asked, right down to marrying someone who would neverÑ" Draco clenched his fist to force back the words. "I have done everything you wanted at the expense of Scorpius and my own happiness. Now that I am free to do as I wish, you try to bargain my future against your life?" "That's not what I said." "No, but that's what you meant." Tiny hints of trouble were evident in the smallest of his actions. "You'll only agree to Granger's plan if I trap myself in another marriage of your choosing because of propriety." "That is not it, Draco." "That's all it's been for you since the war. Saving face, damage control, rebuilding our family's name. You tell the world stories of a mother's love but you don't give a fuck about me." That set her off. "That is simply not true. Everything I've done is with you in mind. I built this allÑ" "I don't want it! I never wanted it. They can all hate me for all I care. You and our wealth and influence are the only reason society tolerates me. You know this and deliberately ignored everything. You parade vapid witches in my face like I'm a prized possession." "ThatÑ" "I'm a man." Draco's voice thundered. "I'm notÑ" "I don't want you to be alone." Narcissa's voice was hoarse with emotion. "That's why I want you to marry. There will be time for love after, if that's what you want. But I'm begging you to do this. Give Scorpius a mother. I'll be gone and you'll be alone." "I am alone. I have been alone. Should I do as you wish, I'll continue to be alone." The heaviness of his confession struck Hermione like a lightning bolt and pain rumbled in her chest. She batted an unexpected tear away and looked down, head spinning and eyes blurry until she swallowed her feelingsÑlocked them away. Narcissa looked as if she'd been slapped. "You chose to marry Astoria. You bothÑ" "You didn't give her family a choice. You didn't give anyone a choice. You were so hellbent on making an example of them that she was forced to condemn herself to a life she didn't want." With him. "There was a magically binding contract that existed between you and Daphne. She broke it." Narcissa was not backing down. "I was well within my right to enforce action with regards to Ñ" "You were within your rights, yes. Just as you were in your right to arrange my marriage, but not once did you think about how your actions would affect me. You only thought about your pride and your mission to recover our social standing. You've let the public's perception warp you into thinking you're a good person when you're no better thanÑ" "If you think this of me, then you should not be concerned with my wishes," Narcissa spat. "Or me." "You're right, but you're still my mother." Draco looked away, his jaw working and shoulders tense. "At least have the decency to admit that you're giving up." "I merely wish to have controlÑ" "You accused Astoria of giving up when she elected to stop her treatment, even though it was clearly no longer working." Hermione went stock still. "As if you ever had the right to judge her. Now you want to be afforded the kindness and dignity you never once gave her." Narcissa's anger bled into something else, and Hermione knew that look. Regret. Remorse. "Astoria did everything you wanted. She tried to be a doting wife when we both knew where her heart was. She gave me a son knowing it would kill her faster and your way of thanking her was to hire End of Life care." The weight of his words was palpable, raw, and fierce. "You called her weak but she was the strongest woman I knew. She survived four years through sheer strength of will. Not once did she give up. Not even at the end." Hermione has never heard him speak like that. The dam had let loose and Narcissa looked swept away. "Draco, IÑ" "You disrespected her in life and continue to do so in death with Scorpius. I have my faults in this. I should have done more and been present." He ran a rough hand through his hair. "I'll hopefully find redemption by being a better father to him, but I won't bear responsibility for you anymore." "I can admit in hindsight that IÉ" Narcissa was visibly struggling. Then she seemed to notice that Hermione was still present. "We should continue this discussion in private." She sounded so exhausted and her hands were shaking, but there was no way to tell if it had to do with her symptoms or the situation. Draco looked directly at Hermione, and like a living entity, her complete and utter speechlessness at everything he'd said must have called to him. His instinct attached itself to that wire-like thread and reeled her in. Or tried to. Hermione's head and heart were running wild in opposite directions, both going at top speed as one analysed each word and the other felt every emotion. She rubbed her hands together. A coping method for when she got like this. A distraction that didn't work. Not that it could when the biggest one in the room was across the table. Looking at her. Inspecting her. "Do you have an issue, Granger?" "Perhaps Narcissa is correct. This is a private discussion that you both need to have." "Oh, I'm finished discussing the matter regarding her refusal for optimal care." Draco picked up his glasses and put them back on. "I commend your effort and will respect my mother's decision to decline with grace." Before Hermione could speak, his eyes slid back to Narcissa. "You have made yourself perfectly clear today, so allow me to do the same." He sounded gravely serious. "Scorpius is now under my care." Narcissa was in shock and Hermione could only barely suppress her own. "Draco, that is not proper. You have no ideaÑ" "I will figure it out on my terms and do what's best for my son." "You are shutting me out." Narcissa took a step back. "I understand I pushed him too hard, Miss Granger made that clear on several occasions, but I have made adjustments. Just because I will not comply, you are breaking from tradition and takingÑ" "This has nothing to do with tradition." Draco shook his head. "This is purely about rearranging my priorities in the order they should have been in all along, with the top being the one person my wife loved more than her own life." Scorpius. "I'm making peace." The look he gave Hermione took her breath away. "I am atoning." And then he left. Narcissa's heartbreak was loud and clear, but remained unexpressed, hidden under the mask she wore. She smoothed down her robes, and when Hermione pulled herself together enough to stand, Narcissa held up a hand to stop her from saying anything. "I am fine." Narcissa didn't sound convincing. "This is just another one of Draco's tantrums. He will see reason. I'm perfectly fine. I'mÑ" But she wasn't. A lone tear ran down her cheek. More soon followed. For a long second, Hermione and Dean just stared at each other. His eyes went from her, to the overnight bag slung over her shoulder, and then to the sleeping child in her armsÑScorpius' weight made tolerable by a feather-light charm. Meanwhile, Hermione took in the sight of him wearing a colourful swaddle as he cradled a sleeping Halia close to his chest. They completed the cycle three times before he gestured for her to come in. "This is an unexpected development." Dean was obviously trying to keep his voice down so they didn't disturb the sleeping children. "What?" "I'm sorry." He ran a hand over his face. "I'm just used to Catherine bringing him." "I offered." Draco wasn't back yet and Catherine had been yawning all afternoon, the signs of a long day and even longer week. "I'll put him in the guest room." "Come on, I'll show you." They both froze when Halia moved in the swaddle, making a small noise before settling again. Dean exhaled. "She just stopped fussing." "Did the potion I found work for her colic?" Hermione followed Dean through the house and up the stairs to the first room on the left. "It did. She's not a great sleeper naturally." Dean's smile was evident in his voice. "Too interested in the world to miss one second of it." The guest room was simple, but it was clear Scorpius was the only visitor they had. There was a bookshelf that was his height, and a few toys sitting on top of what looked like a toy box. After placing his bag on the dresser, Hermione waited for Dean to pull the covers back before she laid him down and tucked him in. She sat on the edge of the bed until he settled. Dean excused himself to put Halia to bed as well and Hermione was still looking around from the doorway when he returned. "He settled in?" "Yes." She gestured to the toys. "Does he play with those?" "Not really but he's beginning to pay more attention. Still prefers books or helping Daphne around the house or with Halia. He also draws with Albus and watches the telly with me." Hermione couldn't disguise her surprise. "I know, but he likes football and I explain it to him." Dean chuckled with a shrug. "He's keen on it. I've shown him other sports, too. Cricket. Rugby. Tennis. We listened to a Quidditch match on the Wireless during his last visit, but I don't think he understands it without seeing it. I mentioned it to Malfoy but he didn't say anything, which means he's considering it." Her quirking smile was reflexive. Of course he was. Dean caught it but said nothing outside of a suspicious tilt of his head. "Daphne's in her office if you want to say hello." Hermione did and started to when she noticed Dean looking around. "What are you looking for?" "We adopted a cat last month and Cheddar is usually anti-social but he likesÑ" Dean was interrupted by a black cat strolling past him into the room before hopping on the bed and purring as it curled up at Scorpius' side. Hermione smiled at the sight, and only when Dean cleared his throat did she look at him. He was giving her a curious expression that bordered on playful. "What?" "Nothing at all." She rolled her eyes at the chuckling man who gave her a wave and went into another room. The walk to Daphne's office was quick, but she stuttered to a halt in the doorway when she spotted Pansy sitting on the desk looking mildly intrigued by the large box Daphne pointed her wand at. "Did you get Halia down easily?" Daphne asked without looking. "He did." Hermione watched them both turn, smiles growing when they spotted her at the doorway. "Scorpius is also asleep." "You brought him over?" "I did. Draco wasn't back yet and Catherine was exhausted. Poor dear." The two exchanged looks that might as well have been words. Pansy's eyebrow rose. "How does it feel to sleep in your own bed again?" "IÉ haven't yet." Last night, she and Scorpius fell asleep reading in Draco's office while he worked on translationsÑher brain was too tired to focus on anything. When he roused her, Scorpius was gone and Hermione was too tired to Floo home. So she'd stayed. "Oh?" Hermione didn't like how that one word sounded coming from Pansy. "Tonight, I'll likelyÑ" "If you think we're going to let go of the fact that you called him Draco, just know that we won't." Daphne nodded cheerfully in agreement. "Gods." Hermione rolled her eyes. "You're both ridiculous. It's not a big deal. We've been working together for a while now andÑ" "Yes, yes. Allies and all that rot." Pansy waved her hand impatiently as if batting Hermione's words away like annoying flies. She folded her arms, looking particularly thoughtful as she tapped her mouth with a finger. "Although, I'm not certain what outdoor scenic walking areas have to do with alliances, butÑ" "What?" Pansy's leer grew along with Daphne's interest while Hermione's confidence that she would escape the conversation sank. The look she received from her friend was a metaphorical gauntlet being thrown at her feet. It was up to her, but she had a few questions. "How do you know?" Hermione squinted at her. She certainly hadn't told anyone. "I know how to read Draco's shitty handwriting and I saw the list of places on his desk when I went to badger him at work. I put it together pretty quickly after I left." "Hold on." Daphne raised her hand. "Fill me in, I'm lost." "Do you want to tell or should I?" Pansy tossed her dark hair over her shoulder. "My imagination is quiteÑ" "Draco and I are getting to know each other better. A prelude to dating is how he explained it. He's affording me time to consider the option." "Wait." A visibly shocked Pansy held up both hands. "Is he courting you?" Daphne blinked so many times she must have been in some sort of trance. "Unofficially?" The two just gawked at her, their faces morphing from one expression to the next as they processed the shock of her words. "Um. We're not telling anyone, so if you could keep this to yourselves. I know it might be a surpriseÑ" "Maybe to you." Daphne barked out a laugh. "I've had my suspicions." "Shite, I owe Ginny ten Galleons." Pansy smirked. "But she doesn't know so I'll keep my money." "I'm going to ignore the fact that you're all betting on us." Pansy's shrug was unapologetic and Daphne began laughing harder, but Hermione still felt awkward, given everything. "IÑis this going to be strange for you, DaphÑ" "Not at all." The blonde waved away her worries with a flick of her wrist. "You don't need my blessing, but if you want it, you have it. Draco deserves a chance to find his own happiness." Thoughts of the fight with Narcissa crept up and Daphne caught remnants of the memory, tilting her head curiously. "What's going on, Hermione?" "A lot." She scrubbed a hand over her face. "I'm in a state of information overload and I'll only talk about it because you know why your sister couldn't love Draco." Pansy blew out a sharp breath. What she was implying dawned on Daphne in mere seconds. "How long have you known?" "A week or so and I'mÑ" Hermione still struggled with it during the moments between waking and sleeping. "I'm actually glad you're taking Scorpius for the weekend. Draco and Narcissa argued this morning, which is honestly a bit of an understatement. Narcissa is at Andromeda's. Draco and I need to talk and I don't know how this conversation will go, so I'm glad he's here." Now they both appeared worried. "It started as a discussion about Muggle care but devolved into him airing his grievances and Ñ" Hermione exhaled as both women cringed hard. "It's been a day, but Scorpius doesn't know. We had dinner alone and he seemed okay, if a little clingy. Two days ago he had a meltdown because he couldn't remember Astoria's face." Daphne looked away. "He's fine. I think. A little fragile, but I think you should show him pictures. Talk to him about her. You, Draco, andÉ" Theo. "You all knew her best." Pansy laid a hand on the witch's shoulder while she nodded solemnly. Hermione checked her watch. "I should go." Pansy approached her with a rare hug that was followed by a promise to discuss the newness between her and Draco at a later date. "We will." Daphne joined them both, placing a hand on each of them, cutting her eyes to Pansy. "Just like we're going to talk about how you had dinner with the Weasleys last night." That earned her a scowl. "Wow, I just comforted you! The betraÑ" "Dinner?" Hermione clung to the shift in conversation. "So soon after Harry's birthday dinner? This sounds seriousÉ" "It does." There was something hidden between her words and her tone that felt ominous. Like the first inklings of trouble. August 6, 2011 A well-packed bag was important. Hermione combed through the contents of hers in preparation for their trip to the Manor's greenhouse. By the time she had returned the previous night, Draco was already asleep on the sofa, and that morning, when she'd asked about keeping their planned trip, he'd only responded with a single, terse word. Okay. It would have to do. Not knowing what exactly awaited them, Hermione packed everything she could think of: trowels, empty pots, bags spelled to preserve samples, clippers, and two pairs of gloves. As it turned out, Draco was prepared as well and casually dressed. In black, of course. Dragon-hide boots, a shoulder holster, and gloves. It was just before dark when Hermione stepped out of the Floo, and he waited for her in the armchair with a contemplative expression. If she had to guess, he'd probably been sitting there quite a while. Draco took one look at her and rose to his feet. "If you're readyÑ" "We didn't get a chance to talk last night and I know you and your mother have a lot to sort out, which isn't my place, butÉ" Hermione wrung her hands, feeling strange as she stood in front of him. Still, she met his stare. "Well, I just wanted to say that should you decide not to help any longer, once I have the plants, I can continue alone." Several heartbeats of silence passed. "For all the arguing to get you toÑ" He glanced away, a short breath escaping him. "Never mind." But Hermione understood what he was trying to say. "Your mother is my patient, and as such, I am duty-bound by oath to provide the best care. My personal feelings, while I'm still trying to process them, aren't involved in this decision. And this"Ñshe gestured between themÑ"won't impact my work at all. You were right before. We can't force her to do what we feel is right. I spent the day shifting my plans towards maintaining her quality of life. And I still believe this potion will help." Draco said nothing for a long time, eyes firmly elsewhere, even as his gloved hand found hers. The feeling of puzzled bewilderment momentarily scattered her thoughts before they reformed. He looked tired. A bit brittle. Not that he would confess as much. Hermione considered abandoning the trip but knew he would see right through the act. Still, she did what she could in the moment, and held his hand in comfort, an act of solidarity despite the unspoken concern for his mother. "I know this is difficult." "It's inevitable." Draco let go of her hand to retrieve his wand from the table, tucking it into his holster. Firm yet even, his face was blank save for a whisper of emotion. "This is nothing new." Not even a year had passed since his last brush with mortality. Something painful swept across his face before he pulled it closer, tighter, then suffocated it out of existence. "I'll walk this path with you." Draco's jaw clenched. "Because it's your job." "It is." The urge to say more was suppressed by her purposeful step into his space, ignoring the dismissiveness rolling off him in pursuit of something more. The truth in touch and beneath words. Draco didn't retreat, but it looked like he might. Still, Hermione pressed, encouraged by the scrape of leather across her wrists. "You're not as alone as you think you are." It was not the first time she'd uttered those words. Much like the last time, heat set her chest ablaze and the warmth of the flames reached her face. Draco swallowed, his Adam's apple bobbing thick in his throat. It might have been her imagination, but the way he looked at her right then felt like being grabbed tightly, with no room to move. But then his gaze skirted over her head to the darkening skies beyond the window. "We should go." ThatÉ was a good idea. "H-how are we getting there?" Hermione folded her arms across her chest, taking a step back to catch her breath. "The Ministry has the entire area warded off." "The area around the Manor is warded, but not the entire property. I thought we would Apparate close to the greenhouse and walk the rest of the way." Draco offered an arm, and she accepted with only the faintest argument. They landed in a clearing outside of the forest. The dying sun was still in the sky, blocked mostly by trees, though they couldn't shield her from seeing the distant, magical dome containing the flames from the burning Manor. Hermione looked back for a glimpse, but Draco never did, only walked towards the forest's edge. "Follow me." Hermione did, ducking under branches and stepping over old, hollow tree trunks. As they moved deeper, the trees thickened, and their surroundings grew darkerÑportentous. They took out their wands for light. It was brisk enough for her to feel the chill in the air but not need a charm. The cold helped Hermione feel focused and aware. Ever alert, she paid attention to the man in front of her, who never got too far ahead and glanced back every so often to make certain she was there. When Draco stopped, Hermione stood beside him and looked around. "This is it." This was apparently just the middle of nowhere, but Hermione had been in enough magical situations to not say anything stupid, even though it was on the tip of her tongue. Draco lifted his right hand, shut his eyes, and touched the empty space in front of himÑspace that wasn't actually as empty as it had appeared. The wards rippled like water at his touch, starting small and expanding as far and wide as she could see. A flash of blinding light was all Hermione registered before the wards folded in to reveal what had been hidden from sight for years. The greenhouse wasn't at all what Hermione had expected. Instead of grand and large, it was small and gothic in appearance. The decrepit glass panes didn't look strong enough to resist anything, much less the weight of the thick vines that covered the structure. Draco used his wand to cut a path through the high grass to the door, which pulsed gold and only stopped when he took off one glove and placed his bare hand on the distressed wood. The old magic's admission came in the form of a gust of wind. Hermione breathed in the remnants, momentarily dazed from the hum of magic in the air. Draco glanced over his shoulder as the double doors opened. "Are you going to stand there all night?" Shaking it off, Hermione huffed and followed him, but halted just inside the doorway. Draco waved his wand to turn every light on as the doors magically closed. Not that she noticed, too busy taking it all in. Devoid of people. Just them. But full of life. Much larger than hers on the inside, the vines she quickly learned weren't just on the outer part of the structure; they had climbed out of the earth and grew up the walls to the glass ceiling. The warmth was comforting, but the air smelled old. Stale and damp, it felt like a piece of earth lost to time itself. Dust told the story of neglect and Hermione listened, disturbing nothing while absorbing everything. She slowly walked around, giving the space the respect it deserved. Time passed and she gave it no thought. Hermione's eyes were everywhere as she inspected every plantÑhanging and pottedÑtouched the trunk of each old tree, and ran her fingers along the leaves of the bushes. Dim light gave it a haunted feel that would stay with her long after she left. Protected by magic, everything thrived when all else would have perished. Beautiful in the way old, sacred things usually were. "Comments?" Hermione startled at the voice behind her, turning to Draco, who, in that moment, was trying to read her like a manual. Not for the first time, she stared back, more and more appreciative of the aesthetics provided by the vision of him: clad in stark black amongst a sea of greenery. Hermione allowed her eyes to take another turn about the room before returning to the man still watching her. "It's beautiful." One beat passed. Two. Ten. Twenty. "Take what you need." Draco excused himself with a nod. Retrieving her gloves, she moved to take a closer look at the pots on the tables. Some names she knew well, others were rarities she had only been able to find through Blaise and Daphne (albeit already dried and processed), and a few Hermione didn't recognise at all. She opened her beaded bag and picked up one pot. "I've heard of this. Brugmansia arborea. Angel's Trumpet. Medicinal but extinct in the wild." "Everything here is either extremely rare or extinct." Draco approached with one of the plants needed and squinted at the name scrawled on the side of the pot in her hand. He wasn't wearing glasses, Hermione noted with amusement, as he deposited his plant into her bag. Then he did the same with the Angel's Trumpet, even though she hadn't asked. If Hermione had to guess, she would estimate there were well over sixty different species of plants in the greenhouse. Not counting the dozens of hanging plants or the six trees, one of which she identified as a very old olive tree. "My mother labelled everything. She kept up the family's book of seeds." Book of seeds? Hermione filed that away to ask about later as she began her hunt for the next plant on her list, finding it quickly on another table. "I wonder why your family kept everything here instead of putting it back in nature." Draco scoffed. "So humans can destroy them once and for all?" "Your lack of faith in humanity isÑ" "Completely justified." "Perhaps." Hermione shrugged, watching him survey the area. "I think that, as a whole, humans are more than the sum of their parts. Yes, greed is the currency of the world. Yes, the actions of the few affect the many, but that doesn't define everyone. There are people out there who care." "Like you?" Draco turned to her. Even though it was a question, it didn't sound like one. "Yes." Her voice was quiet, barely louder than a whisper. "But there are more people like me who would love to reintroduce these plants back into nature. Whether or not you trust them, there are places that would rehabilitate or use the seeds to resurrect the species." "In the magical world?" "And Muggle as well. Neville works with conservationists regarding plants that are going extinct, rehoming them and even collecting their seeds to replant in places untouched by people. I think he would be interested in what's in here, but that's up to you, and not a decision for tonight. Let's find the Silphium. It's the last one." That was an easy enough task, thanks to Narcissa's labels. Draco picked it up and Hermione made quick work of putting it into her bag for transport before closing it once completed. "Ready?" "Yes." He looked around one last time and the sight struck her. He likely hadn't been here since childhood. "I'm ready." Draco led the way, holding the door open for Hermione as she stepped outside into the fresh air, waiting just outside of the ward's boundary with her wand lit. Once the protections were reset, the greenhouse vanished from sight, and she expected Draco to Apparate them back to her home. But he didn't. "I have to go check on something." There was a glint of steel resolve in his grey eyes. "You're more than welcome to go back. It won't take long." "I'll go with you." It was only after they left that Hermione realised she never once asked about their destination. But she found out soon enough. Fire. Admittedly, Draco wasn't a fan of it. He had a better reason than most to detest it, just as she paid close attention to the moon cycles and hated snakes. Yet there they were, standing outside the wrought iron gates of Malfoy Manor. Consumed by flames licking against the faint shimmer of the stasis wards, the fire could neither spread nor diminish. It reminded her of a snow globe, only twisted with ash and flames. Everyone knew about the never-ending fire, but never once had Hermione felt compelled to visit. When Hermione first heard about it, she considered it a fitting end to a home that haunted her thoughts when she allowed it to. But nowÉ Now, she wasn't sure how she felt. There was something about fire that both repelled and drew people in, so when Draco unconsciously reached for the wards, Hermione grabbed his wrist and brought it back to the space between them. "Unless you want to trigger the entire DMLE to rush here, you shouldn't." His glare was sharp. "I happen to be an employee." "True, but you have no business or reason to be here tonight. They'll suspect you of something." "I am always suspected of something or other." Hermione shifted under the weight of his uncomfortable truth. "Why did you come here with me?" He glanced at his burning past. "I didn't know where we were going." "Would you have made the same decision had you known?" "Does it matter?" The question lingered. "I suppose it doesn't." "I don't have a lot of good memories associated with this place," Hermione admitted quietly. Draco was silent for a few long moments. "I used to." This was once his home. His legacy. Where he was born. Where he grew up. And now he was forced to watch it burn. His family history was tainted by the same thing that polluted parts of everyone's lives. Darkness. War. Death. Reality. Hermione wondered if he was also tainted by the inherited guilt. While she stared boldly at the burning Manor and took in the roar of flames, Draco seemed to only sneak quick glances before looking away. This was hard for him, but here he was. The war between nostalgia and indifference played out on his faceÑsomething simultaneously vulnerable and hardened. Hermione's empathy rose like a flickering flame. "Take as long as you need." But Draco stepped back and walked on. Hermione quickly fell into step beside him on the stone path that was nearly overrun by wild grass. No way of telling who reached first, but their hands threaded together without a word. While his focus remained ahead, hers drifted to the burning structure they circumvented with no named destination in sight. The wards stopped the spread, but it didn't stop the sound, and Hermione was amazed by how loud the fire was in the stillness surrounding them. It crackled and whistled and popped. There seemed to be a guttural roar, almost as if every part of the Manor was exploding over and over again. It was disturbing and haunting because everything inside, while destroyed, was also frozen. In time. In space. In memory. Their destination became clear as they moved down the path. The rose garden. At first sight, with the dim, floating lights and the reflection from the fire, the area gave off an ominous glow. The Malfoy Gardens looked less like a place where life had once thrived and more like a graveyard. When they stood in front of the gate, looking up at the iron beams covered in roses that had taken over, Hermione's perspective shifted. No, it wasn't death. Only life. So much of it. It was just chaotic, covered with unhindered growth, and overrun with weeds. One might call it a lost cause, but Hermione, who never believed in such a thing, found it poetic. What was once neat and tame was now wild and free. Terrifying but no less beautiful. When Draco asked if she wanted to go in, Hermione accepted the offer, not at all surprised that he remained outside, casting a few spells around the garden's edge. She figured he was checking to see if anyone had been in the area recently, but couldn't be certain. It was hard to make out his mumbled words. Hermione left him to it, looking around. The more she saw on her walk around, the less she wanted to disturb the peace the plants found in the backdrop of chaos. On her way out, a rose bush caught her eye, and before Hermione could talk herself out of it, she took a cutting. It wasn't something she normally did, but she'd watched Neville do it once. With no books, the task proved more difficult than expected; the bush was stubborn, but in the end, Hermione tucked a healthy stem into her bag and made plans to try something new. Something different. There was an odd thrill surging through her, an excitement that carried her back to Draco's side where he remained, occasionally looking towards the flames with his hands behind his back and a contemplative set to his shoulders. "Do you know why it still burns?" "I'd imagine the Fiendfyre reacting with dark objects my father kept. It's only a hypothesis." But they both knew it seemed likely. "The Wizengamot promised my mother they would put the flames out when they created this ward." Interesting to know, but the unfulfilled promise wasn't a shock. Putting the fire out didn't matter to people like Tiberius in the grand scheme of things. Only those who had something left in the rubble cared. Hermione listened to the dull groan of fire and watched the flames lick the top of the dome, curious about what would happen should it be allowed to burn naturally. Not that she wanted to be around when that theory was tested, but as it was right now, there was something about the flames that compelled her to watch. Compelled her to speak. "It is beautiful, in a way." "You have a fucked up definition of the word." Draco snorted incredulously. "You can find beauty in anything, but all I see is my legacy and history, my present, my future trapped in a never-ending inferno. There's an irony that's probably deserved but hard to forget." She wasn't blind, of course not, but this wasn't her identity trapped in flames. It gave her a different point of view. "My idealism doesn't allow me to only see destruction. I seeÉ energy. Life. The opportunity for rebirth. It reminds me of a Phoenix rising from the ashes." "I'm no Phoenix." Draco stepped forward. "I wasn't born in the ashes. My legacy will burn until that's the only thing left." "Let it burn." Hermione watched the reflection of the fire in his eyes. "You don't need a legacy to justify your existence or your worth. You don't need history to have a future." "Easy for you to say." "Perhaps it is." She didn't need to be any closer to feel the power of the wards thrum. "I don't carry the same weight you do. I don't have the same background and sense of duty." She wondered if he still did. "You believe ashesÑto anything except the PhoenixÑequate death, the end. But ash is key to the process of fertilising the earth to begin again. Now's your chance to grow something all your own." Something to pass on to Scorpius. Hermione felt the pressure of his gaze and turned to meet it. Neither spoke. Draco's eyes said something, though she didn't understand this translation of his language. Hermione said what she needed to with a wary hand that went to reach for him in the darkness. But she hesitated, falling just short of touching the tips of his fingers as he returned them to his back in a move that made her wonder why he stood like that. It was a toss between not wanting to touch anything and making certain he didn't touch something. Draco didn't give her a chance to contemplate. He stepped forward to approach the edge of the wards. Hermione didn't know how long she quietly watched him stare down the roaring fire, never moving except to shift his weight. When he got his fill of the sight, when he came to whatever conclusion that allowed him to turn his back to the flames, they left. The process of setting the plants under protective charms was quicker than expected. Tomorrow she would need Neville to help her with the rose bush cutting. While she set up an appointment during his free time via the Magi-Scheduler, Draco went to her brewing room to check the quality of the rest of the ingredients for the experimental potion. By the time he joined her in the kitchen, Hermione was sitting on the barstool sipping Ogden's. Draco's eyebrow lifted. "Nightcap?" "It's been a week, don't you think?" His lack of response was as good as an agreement. She gestured to the second empty glass and bottle. "You're more than welcome to join me." According to some saying, drinking with someone else was better than drinking alone, but drinking with Draco Malfoy was something else entirely. It wasn't the first time, but unlike before, they were drinking the same thing and it was hard to tell how alcohol affected him. Ron got obnoxiously friendly. Pansy grew maudlin. Harry, when asked anything, regardless of the question, would smile brightly. Ginny did whatever she felt compelled to do. And Daphne laughed too loud. There were other tells with any one of her friends, but not Draco. His default expression never changed, not even after two hours and four drinks. Meanwhile, Hermione knew he could tell she was getting pissed. Draco even cocked his brow when she stubbornly poured herself a third glass because no one could tell her what to do. She hadn't eaten since lunch and the baked bread and butter she'd consumed upon realising it did little to soak up the Firewhisky in her belly. There was a different level of inebriation with wine than liquor. The former left her quiet and pleased with everything, but the latter crept up at the most random times and made her chatty. Embarrassingly so. And warm enough to always want to be outdoors. Which is where they found themselves, on a large blanket in the middle of the pasture with their drinks. The world blurred at the edges. It was pleasant, not too cool or too warm, and a nice breeze balanced everything. The quarter moon was dim and the darkness felt rich; the stars were visible and bright. Hermione took in the expanse of the sky and while tracing Ursa Major, to her horror, she blurted out the first thing on her mind. "I haven't looked at the sky in months." "I don't care for it really, except to figure out Scorpius' growing interest. Perhaps I couldÑ never mind." But Hermione hadn't had enough Firewhisky for his intent to escape her notice. "He would like it if you joined us, I think." "He probably would." Draco was silent for the span of a heartbeat. "Would you?" Only then did Hermione detect the slur of his words, confirming she wasn't the only one whose honesty intensified after a few drinks. Self-consciousness bled away, leaving her pliant and relaxed. "IÉ wouldn't mind. Perhaps we could actually use the telescope in your garden." "It was Astoria's." His statement was the equivalent of being shoved into a freezing lake. "Neither of us were interested, but she wanted Scorpius to know about the stars and she never got the chance to show him. But it seems it happened anyway." Because of her. "Oh." Hermione stumbled over her next words. "I-I didn'tÑ" "I wouldn't expect you to know." He bent his knees and sipped his drink. "But I don't want to talk about it tonight. I'd rather enjoy this in peace." "I find it shocking that you can find peace here." Or anywhere. "Agreed, since you refuse to shut up." Draco cut his eyes at her, but there was a small smirk playing at the corner of his lips. It had no effect on her whatsoever. None at all. Hermione glanced off as a mouthful of Ogden's burned away the lie. "It's not horrible out here." His confession slipped out with fluid ease. Looking at him in pure shock, she caught another sign of his intoxication. The bit of a flush on his face was highlighted by the moonlight. "Ah, so you are pissed." "No." "No way would you admit any of that if you weren't." Hermione smothered a laugh. "It's fine. Your secret is safe." She lifted her head to the sky again, crossing her legs when she put her drink down and leaning back on her hands. "I don't see how you don't like watching the sky. It puts everything into perspective. At least for me. It's likeÉ some moments everything feels so overwhelming until I look up and realise I'm just myself. I'm just one person in this endless expanse. And I can only do and be so much." "Yet you try to do everything." "That's my nature." "Your nature is a contradiction." Draco's voice rumbled in the quiet. They were close enough for their arms to brush against each other. "In one breath, you say you can only do so much, but in the next, you try to do everything." "Aren't we all contradictions?" Hermione knew all too well that Draco was most certainly one in his own right. "Lately, I've realised it's an element of human nature. No matter how enlightened we think we are, there's always a battle between who we are and who we think we're supposed to be. The battle is the root of the dichotomy in our behaviour." "Who are you supposed to be?" "Unapologetically myself at all times, flaws and all." Draco continued drinking. "Question for you." Hermione's body felt both heavier and lighter as she leaned against him. "If everything were different, what would you do?" "Everything is as it is, so I cannot answer." "Dare to dream." Hermione cast a glance at the man who had the glass to his lips while looking beyond. He had the foresight to bring the bottle, which floated next to him as if sitting on an invisible table. "Who would you be without the war and your life after it?" "My father." His honesty rocked her. "I'll amend that." She didn't dare ask about Narcissa. Perhaps in any other universe, the situation with his mother would be the same. "If circumstances were different with the Ministry and the Death Eaters, what would you do?" Draco was quiet for so long she thought he might not answer at all, but he did. "Ideally something to do with potions. You? If your seizure had never happened, who would you be?" Even though she'd asked the question first, Hermione had no answer when it was turned around on her. Not at first, at least. But it came to her in waves. In the Ministry, most likely. Still fighting. She would be very tired. Hermione didn't know how to walk away from a fight. She had to be carried out. "For a long time, I didn't know who I was going to be afterÉ all that, and it's hard to think about who I would have become without it. I-I don't think I'd be here." With you, Hermione finished in her head. "Regrets?" "Honestly?" She chuckled at her own question. Of course he wanted honesty. Hermione laid on her back feeling flush. "A few, but not enough to stop me from taking a moment to admire the view." A lazy smile curled her lips as the world swam. "Are you going to Pansy's birthday garden party?" "By force," Draco drawled, and while she couldn't see him clearly, she could hear his eyes roll. Hermione smirked. "What did she have to threaten for you to get into regency clothes?" "Her presence." It might have been the Ogden's, the ambiance, or the fact that it was his same response to Harry's threat, but she laughed out loud. The best part was when she craned her neck, she caught the profile of one of his very rare smiles. Staring boldly, the same thoughts from before clouded her mind. Oh shite. "Ah, so you are capable." "Of what exactly?" "Smiling." It vanished like the sun behind clouds and his face went as dark as the sky before a storm. Draco glanced down at her. "Do you think of me smiling often, Granger?" "No." The half-truth was poorly dressed as a lie. "I do remember you having more of a sense of humour backÑ" His expression morphed into one of gritty patience, ready to cut her comment into bits. But she could see the mistake before she made it, and she stopped herself before she uttered the wrong words. Back before death and life. Before war and threats. Before the arrival of something that meant enough to break him if he lost it. He hadn't had many opportunities to smile over the years. Stomach churning, Hermione looked back to the sky, pushing away her thoughts. She barely managed not to jolt when Draco finished his drink and laid down next to her. His eyes were fixed on the sky with an almost bored expression until he reached out and traced a constellation she didn't catch. "What do you want to talk about?" "Nothing." Draco lowered his hand. "But you're insistent on conversation tonight." "Our silences aren't always this strange," Hermione confessed, feeling utterly ridiculous by how jittery she felt. No more Firewhisky. "I can manage them with Theo, but right now, with you, I want to fill it with something." Anything not to think about his presence at her side. His warmth. "Is that an intoxicated confession?" His question sounded more uncertain than anything else he'd said so far. Hermione turned towards him, resting on her side. Draco watched every move. "No, it's not." She pushed her hair off her shoulders, feeling hot. "That would be something likeÉ I don't care for my mother's cooking or I don't hate flying, just heights." She'd been on the back of a dragon, a Thestral, and a HippogriffÑadmittedly under distress, but also without issue. "What's the difference between the two?" Draco rested his hands behind his head, appearing relaxed, but his knees were still raised. His casual attire and posture combined made quite the visual. "It's impossible to achieve one without the other." "That's not entirely true." Hermione moved her glass away to avoid knocking it over. "In order to fly, you have to give up the ground you're standing on and I haveÑ" "Issues?" The accusation carried heat. "Control issues," he amended in a voice near a whisper. Hermione couldn't look away. Draco wasn't touching her, but she felt every bit of him. The air was charged as energy crackled around them. Hermione focused on the grey of his eyes, quietly comparing them to every stone she could think of. Pale yet deep. Light tinged with darkness. Endless. There was a familiar hammering in her chest she associated with moments like this, one degree between close and too close, yet somehow not close enough. "You would know about those issues." She tried to sound playful but her voice was much too low. "I would." "You can't control everything, Draco." The breeze played with his hair, sweeping it out of place. Brushing it back would be an easy fix, but Hermione didn't trust her coordination. Or herself. "You can try, but there are always cracks. Something is bound to slip through." He made a low noise but she couldn't tell what it meant. Draco's face was locked down. Closed up tight. With the bit of flush staining his usually pale skin, he was nothing short of stunning. Dazed and heady from the Ogden's, Hermione quietly wondered what was behind his expression. Unconsciously, she searched his face for a fissure to gain access to his thoughts, finding only one. Closer made her calculate if the dimension was right toÑ Draco brought a hand to her neck, ghosting a kiss across her lips before lying back. There and gone before she knew it. "I shÑ" Hermione dipped her head for her own sample, a quick taste of him. The following moment hung, extended, and remained suspended in animation. Hand still on her neck, Draco's eyes stopped searching and dropped to her lips. Her hand on his ribs allowed her to feel the expansion of his chest on an inhale. No words. No analysis. Only truth and energy were exchanged in the shake of his exhale. A firm, slow hand wandered from her neck down the curve of her back before resting on the bare skin where her shirt had ridden up. It was Hermione's turn to exhale raggedly. Connection wasn't only found in touch, but in each of their senses, too. Combined with trust and freedom, it was layered in moments like this. Permission to create their own was granted with an imperceptible nod. Heady. Delicious. Draco's kisses were small and biting. Nothing beyond a taste here and there. The promise of more left her frustrated and impatient, and she chased his mouth each time he pulled away. And then. Finally, he started kissing her properly. Deeply. Unconsciously dragging contented groans from her chest. The first one to escape him liquefied the butterflies in her stomach and replaced them with sparks of pure heat. The world both expanded and contracted to that very moment as they detailed the memory of touch, navigated sensation, and rediscovered the feel of each other. Their pace was unbearably intimate. Fevered. Pain from bitten lips and clacking teeth. Heat and want and everything in between. It was all assuaged by large hands holding her steady. Slowing her. Licking into her mouth and pulling back before she could reciprocate. With their foreheads pressed together and eyes shut, the sound of their heavy breaths filled her ears as they gave into the demand for oxygen. But given the alcohol and pent-up emotions spilling freely, it wasn't long before they were back to feeding each other's wants. It was natural. Intuitive. Easy. Simple to translate, understand, and communicate, they both spoke the language of want fluently. Beat for beat. Breath for breath. The exhilaration of each caress reduced her restraint to ash. Turnabout was fair play, and Hermione gave in to the memory of his hands on her skin as she untucked his shirt from his trousers and touched him. The hard muscles of his stomach bunched under the palm of her hand, and Hermione almost laughed. She probably would have had Draco's lips not detoured from hers to her chin, then down the column of her throat as she tilted her head back and saw nothing but stars. "Oh gods." Every nerve shrieked in alarm, but she allowed his push and pull until she was flat on her back with the stars on display behind the image of a dishevelled Draco hovering over her. The need for space presented itself in the form of one delicious graze of his hips between her open thighs. A move that left them sucking in sharp breaths in unison. Heart pounding and senses buzzing, the mere promise and the evidence of want left her breathless. But he kept their hips apart in a show of necessary patience. Neither the rush of hazy kisses nor insistent touches compared to the clarity of the way he looked at her. Open and honest. And as he hovered, watching, Hermione took a chance and invaded the small space between them, running purposeful hands down the length of his chest. Letting her gaze make the journey across his face, she finally settled back on his eyes as tentative fingers came to rest on his belt in a dangerously impulsive question. "Do youÑ" Want me? A hand stopped hers. The silent sting of rejection had the same effect as throwing ice water on a candle. Everything just died. A series of motions brought Draco back to rest next to her, but she couldn't hear him over the sound of reality crashing down around her. Doubt. Worry. Insecurity. Hermione was traversing a slippery slope that left her sprawled at the bottom and feeling stupid for being so rash and presumptuous. Scrubbing a hand over her face multiple times, she tried and failed to clear her thoughts. "D-did I do something wrong?" She was mortified by the question but had to ask. She refused to assume. "I just thoughtÑ" "No." Unable to find words that wouldn't come out slurred, Draco turned her head and kissed her deeply, giving her time to relax in the act, to soothe the stab of her fears. "I want this, trust me." His lips were still touching hers when his murmured words made her shiver. "But not like this." Too much Firewhisky. An empty pasture. A starry night. The perfect storm of choices they couldn't take back. It was a testament to his patience, respect, and commitment to give her time. "You're right." The truth did little to ease her disappointment. Her tone made Draco run a hand through his hair in visceral frustration, but Hermione pulled herself together enough to stay his hand and lace it with hers. "Let's just watch the sky," she whispered. It really was lovely out. The stars were endless; a vast display of wonder and intrigue. Hermione blinked, trying to take it in with her head resting in the crook of Draco's extended arm. The Ogden's crept up on her one last time and her vision swam. She yawned twice while focusing on his breathing, relaxing further intoÉ And then there was nothing. August 7, 2011 When Hermione next opened her eyes, dawn was making its approach as light painted the horizon. The sky was empty, stars tucked away in the wake of a new day. She should have been cold, but she wasn't. Warmth kept the chill at bay. Still groggy, it took her a minute to register her surroundings. The arms around her. The legs twined in hers. The steady rise and fall of the chest beneath her cheek. Chancing a glance, she took her time committing the sight to memory. Draco was sleeping soundly next to her. Carefree. Peaceful. Everything he wasn't during waking hours. All Hermione could do was stare, her hand still on his chest. Heat rushed to her face when the memory of last night resurfaced. She wasn't standing on the precipice between falling and flying. No. She was embedded in the tender stillness of something in between. Quiet and reflective, the depth of the moment slowly revealed itself to her. Less like a shock, it felt as natural as the slow progression of the sun as it climbed over the horizon. Slowly, then all at once. They slipped briskly into an intimacy from which they never recovered. F. Scott Fitzgerald Chapter End Notes A/N: Happy Friday! Ah! I'm thrilled to post this chapter. I started writing Measure of a Man exactly ONE year ago today, which boggles my mind how much I've written in that year. But I'm celebrating this and Draco's birthday by posting one of my favorites I've written. It has some of my favorite dialogue in it. Also the ending. And the kiss. And everything with Narcissa and Scorp grieving because he couldn't remember his mother's face. That is all. Hope you enjoyed it. Art for this chapter: Narcissa Malfoy during The Fight by bookloverdream-blessedindeed & Draco Looking at the Manor Fire by bookloverdream-blessedindeed & Draco & Hermione Stargazing by Meryart & Scorpius reaching for Astoria's Portrait by dragonlyart Embedded art by Jaxx-in-a-box [ Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Chapter 26: Human Nature Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Twenty Six Human Nature August 10, 2011 Chaos wasn't just a theory. It was the inevitable result of the unexpected. A little disorder wasn't negative, but like anything else, it had its time and place. If life had taught Hermione one lesson, it was that chaos often gave birth to a new direction. Typically thriving on the precarious balance between organised chaos, comfort, and absolute order, she'd been stuck in the trenches of mayhem, in a constant state of flux all week and it was hard to see anything else. Pouring all of her energy into several different cups, she currently had little to spare. Developing Narcissa's new care plan. Rare plant cultivation lessons with Neville. Scheduled translation work with Draco. Maintaining her delicate daily routine with Scorpius. Coordinating Sachs and Keating. Their dynamic had been altered by Andromeda's presence, but it actually made Hermione's life easier because she took over preparing Narcissa's meals. A small climb on the mountain before her. Sleep had been cut short in favour of garden maintenance, planting, seeding, and harvesting to prevent the fruit from over ripening. Progress on the potion, with the question of Draco's participation hanging over her head, took hold of her thoughts periodically throughout the day. Research and transcontinental Floo calls with Charles Smith occurred between check-ins with Narcissa, lunch, and sign language lessons. Her evenings were split between scheduled time with law interpretation, thinking about her inevitable talk with KingsleyÑgiven the chaos at the Ministry in the wake of the articleÑreviewing Narcissa's readings, and sorting notes from Sachs and Keating. Observation would have been easier had Narcissa been speaking in more than monosyllables. At least to her. Still, Hermione built her plan, diving deep late that afternoon and only resurfacing when the thirty page package was complete and checked off her to-do list. Only then did she truly realise what havoc her sharp spiral of chaos had wreaked on her office. Oh. Before Hermione could clear the parchment and teacups, wave away the ink stains from her hands, and dust the crumbs of crisps off her shirt, out stepped a surprise from her Floo. Draco and Scorpius. Both were dressed comfortably: Scorpius for bed and Draco in his usual joggers and a shirt. Black, of course. "Um." The little boy ignored the mess and made a beeline to her while his father looked around slowly, not bothering to hide his judgment. Or was it concern? Hard to tell. The bag in Draco's hand sparked her curiosity but her brain was too exhausted for it to catch fire. "Hi there." Instead of scowling when Draco's frown became more pronounced at the state of her desk, Hermione chose to focus on Scorpius, opening her arms for a hug after he waved with a shy, infectious smile that spread to her quickly. She was happy to see him. A little peace in the chaos. "This is quite the welcomed surprise." Running an absent hand over his fringe, Hermione placed a hand on his back and that seemed to still him. Draco's eyes raked over everything in an attempt to find a clearing. Then he gave up and placed the bag in the only semi-clear spot in the room: the chair. Arms now behind his back, he completed a visual sweep of her. Hermione almost cringed. Wild hair. Tired eyes. Ink stained hands. Oversized, wrinkled shirt marred by a stain she could have cleaned with magic but hadn't bothered. She likely looked just as chaotic as her surroundings. But like the proud person she was, Hermione straightened her back, ignoring the tightness in it from the amount of time she'd spent in that position. "To what do I owe the pleasure of the visit, Draco?" "You forgot about dinner." Draco extracted his wand from his pocket, pointing it at the pile of discarded parchment circling the rubbish bin. She was a terrible shot. "I could send over Zippy in the morning." A silent spell cleared her misses and left her bin full to the brim. "Might give him something to do. He often asks for more tasks." Not surprising. "No thanks." Hermione didn't like the idea of a house-elf cleaning her home, no matter how handsomely paid. "As for our dinner, it's on Wednesday." "Today is Wednesday." She opened her mouth to debate when she caught Scorpius' expectant eyes. "Is it?" They both nodded, but Draco tilted his head as if she'd asked a moronic question. Shite. Hermione searched for her Magi-Scheduler, finding it only after rifling through several piles of scrap parchments, documents, and books, and nearly spilling a full inkwell. A high stack of papers began to teeter but Draco's quick hand stabilised it. He scanned her messy desk again, and Scorpius did as well. The latter squinted at both the open bag of crisps and the oddly-shaped ink stain on a discarded piece of parchment. She could feel the five-year-old's judgment. Sweeping the offending items into the drawer, she made a mental note to clean it out later. She pointedly ignored the way Draco coughed and looked away to suppress his amusement. He also ignored her following glare. When she turned to Scorpius, heÉ just looked happy to be in her presence. Too cute for a glare, her smile grew slowly, creeping its way to a full grin. "It's a bit messy here, isn't it?" I help clean. Scorpius signed each word slowly, and when he finished, she felt a swell of pride. "You're such a great helper, but this is a mess I'll clean. Thank you for offering." His ears turned pink. Finally, Hermione scanned the Magi-Scheduler. Today's date pulsed red, standing out against the black and white page. Wednesday. "Oh." She offered the smaller Malfoy an embarrassed smile, uselessly patting her wild hair and rubbing the back of her sore neck. Hermione frowned at her watch. What could she make on such short notice? As if answering her unspoken question, both father and son exchanged a similar look that would have been funny had she not been scrambling for meal ideas. "I think I have enough to quickly makeÑ" "That won't be necessary." Draco gave his son a nod, a cue that brought the little boy from her side to his. Scorpius picked up the bag, proudly displaying it with a dimpling smile as though it were a grand prize. "Is itÑ" "Dinner." The word was firm but Draco's tone was not. "You should clean up. We'll be in the conservatory." With that, Draco and the bag-wielding Scorpius left the room. His hand awkwardly rested on top of his son's head in an affectionate gesture as he let the little boy lead the way. The sight made her smile into her fist. When they were gone, she stood, stretching her sore muscles, turning her neck from side to side, and listening to the stiff cracks. After rubbing her shoulders, Hermione picked up her wand and did as instructed, Apparating to her room for a quick shower. Just shy of too hot, it left her body invigorated and her brain the opposite. When Hermione returned to the kitchen in lounge clothes and wet hair, Draco was opening and closing drawers in search of something he found just as she leaned against the side of the island. Cutlery. Scorpius returned from the conservatory, hand already extended for the forks that Draco offered. Helping, as he was wont to do. "Careful," Hermione called after the little boy's retreating form, earning her a glance and nod over his shoulder. Scorpius returned not a minute later, walking past them and up the stairs, likely to wash his hands without anyone asking him to. It was a habit. She summoned two wine glasses and a third cup for Scorpius before turning her attention to the man eyeing her wine chiller. "Thank you for this." She felt irrationally awkward for doing something as simple as vocalising her appreciation. "You didn't have to." "It was alreadyÑ" "Scheduled, I know, but I canÑ" "Handle it yourself?" Draco abandoned his task and approached her. "I'm aware." It was easy to feel trapped with him overwhelming the space between them, easy to feel judged when his eyes ventured from the top of her head to the slippers on her feet, but she felt neither. Just on edge in the way that made her stare at different focal points to avoid his gaze. Then lower, down his arm to the hand at his side. TheÑ She yawned suddenly. "Tired?" The bass in his voice was a little too resonant for her. A bit too private. "Yes." She struggled to shake off its effect even as she lifted her eyes to meet his. "I'm not operating at optimum levels right now." "Hence your lack of argument." Hermione rolled her eyes, braced her hands on the island, and pulled herself up to sitÑto give herself a modicum of space. It put them at eye level with each other. A horrible idea. "I've been too busy to argue about everything." She played with the ends of her wet hair. "With your mother at Andromeda's and barely speaking to me, I've had to change my approach. The plant cultivationÑ" "Isn't Longbottom assisting?" "H-he is, but ultimately it's my work." Hermione folded her arms, internally scowling at the clumsiness in her voice when he took a step forward. She was being ridiculous. "As is my own gardening and brewing the potionÑ" "I've agreed to help." Another step. "Another excuse?" "Several." The effort to keep her tone neutral was taxing. "During your argument withÑ" "I also gave you my word." The way Draco stressed the single word gave her pause. His expression was a warning. He wasn't perfect. Hermione didn't have to work hard to point out his flaws, they stood out, but when he faltered, he made up for it with the competence he prided himself on having. Draco hardly ever spoke without meaning it and she caught herself dismissing his words. Again. Hermione treaded carefully. "I understand, but I know you're busy. ScorpiÑ" "I am and yes, I have other responsibilities, as do you. But I don't think it's wise to shift him too abruptly or without determining which course of action is most beneficial for him." That was logical. "The only addition I'm making to his current schedule is the introduction of sessions next week." "Sessions?" "Grief counselling." Draco watched her for any reaction. "I've been researching. Daphne suggested a Healer who works with children a while ago, butÉ" He needed the push to take the first step. "I think that's a good idea." Not that it was any of her business. Which was what Hermione would have said, but Draco took one last step. A calculated one between her slightly parted legs. She lifted her chin, eyes on him, trying to determine his next move. They hadn't been this close since the night in the pasture, the same one that ended with tea in the conservatory the next morning. The rising sun had served as a backdrop to their parting kiss. It had been savoury, nothing more than a quick snog interrupted by time knowing Scorpius would wake soon. Ever since, she'd been swept away, drowning in waves of chaos. Too busy for anything. Even when alone, Hermione hadn't had the capacity to think beyond the task at hand. But each night, before sleep claimed her, she allowed herself a moment to think of those little moments. To think of him. The memory of stars and sun. Warmth and cool. Chaos lingered in the peaceful afterglow. "Scorpius will be down soon." The reminder didn't hurry him. His every move was decisive and deliberate; careful hands settled on Hermione's hips as he lowered his head to hers. The tip of his nose brushed against her cheek. When Draco's lips grazed hers, she inhaled sharply, feeling a spark of something familiar. He pulled back imperceptibly to catch her eye. Whether for permission or a request, she didn't know. Nor did she have a chance to find out. The ringing phone broke the trance. Draco stepped back, but not before dropping a perfunctory kiss on her cheek, which made Hermione mutter excuses as she hopped off the island to answer the call. It could only be one of two people; that knowledge did nothing to ease the dread knotting in her stomach. Scorpius came downstairs, and she directed him to Draco before answering her phone. "Hello?" Her father's voice didn't calm her nerves. They'd spoken intermittently since her fight with her mother. He kept her up to date with their travel plans, but each conversation was laden with unspoken words. Like before. He was frustrated by the situation, she could tell, but Hermione never pressed him to express it. She didn't envy his position. "Everything okay?" "Yes, I was just calling to ask you over for dinner. Your normal week." "I would, but MumÑ" "Is stubborn." He exhaled sharply into the receiver. "At this point, I'm not sure if she's mad at you or herself, but I'm tired of this." "DadÑ" "The chair in the art room misses you and-and so do I." "IÑ" Momentarily overcome, Hermione clutched the receiver and wrapped an arm around her middle. "I'd like to see you, too. We can listen to Miles Davis orÉ" She scrambled to think of another artist he liked, voice too broken for her liking, but she couldn't help it. "Um Ñ" "Excellent choice. I haven't listened to Kind of Blue in a while." "I'd love to listen to it with you." She wouldn't miss out on her chance, no matter their difference in taste. "I'd love that, too." When the conversation ended, Hermione turned to the now empty space. Thankful for the moment alone, she used every bit of it to pull herself together, calm her jitters and quell her anxieties before joining her guests, who were waiting patiently. Dinner was nice and cosy, even if the seating arrangement was odd. Scorpius chose his normal spot between them, leaving everyone crowded around one side of the table. He was happy, which was the only thing that mattered. Draco didn't appear perturbed at all, quiet outside of looks over his son's head and sparse conversation. Scorpius was the centre of attention as he slowly signed the answers to each practice question Hermione asked between bites, smiling in the lulls, and looking content to simply be. With them. The feeling wasn't foreign to her. Their presence filled what would have been a solitary night. A relief, really, but her mood was overlaid by the chaos of the last few days and the new sense of foreboding dressed as dinner with her parents. But Hermione tried not to think about it, allowing herself an evening of well-deserved rest, peace, and good food. Dinner consisted of takeaway from some place posh, though she saw no names for confirmation. Summer corn and vegetable chowder, cheese toasties, and salad for Scorpius, but only if he didn't like the soup. The lack of meat didn't go unnoticed by Hermione. Support. Perhaps not something Draco would do every day, but tonight the thought counted as Scorpius devoured the soup and a half of his crustless toastieÑmore than she'd seen him eat regularly in the previous months. When finished, he abandoned the table, distracted by the plants. Once the plates were cleared and cleaned, and the containers back in the bag, they watched him visit each plant at his height from in front of the climbing roses. The same comfortable silence never relinquished its hold, but it came to a natural end. "You're quiet." Draco's voice jarred her thoughts and reminded her of where they stood, side by side, incidentally touching as she slightly leaned on him. "Preoccupied." Hermione's confession was automatic. "I'veÉ got a lot on my mind that needs sorting." Him. "I'm having dinner with my parents next week." His stiff nod told her Draco remembered their talk about itÑmaybe not the exact details, but he knew he wasn't the only one with parental problems. Their eyes met, held, and released, before they turned to Scorpius who wasÉ now curled in her chaise, eyes on the glass ceiling, waiting for darkness to fall. The moon was out but the sky was still a deep blue. A perfect night to watch the stars wake. Or for them to watch him sleep. Hermione summoned a blanket and covered the resting child, who curled on his side, his little feet poking out from under it. After a fond look, she left him to his dreams and returned to Draco, who was curiously staring at the pot next to her climbing roses. "I planted the rose clipping I took from the Manor's garden. Neville showed me what to do." "Why?" "I thought your mother might like a piece of her garden in a place that won't cause her more stress and sadness." Her response earned her a weighted look. "It won't be easy. There's no guarantee it'll grow, but I wanted to try. Perhaps it will take root." Draco's pensive silence was conflicted, more of a question than words could ever be. When he finally spoke, his voice was barely above a whisper. "How is she?" It was a difficult question, one he clearly didn't want to ask but felt compelled to. Pained echoes of inner turmoil were etched across his face. Proof of anger's strength. But also love's endurance. "Quiet. Upset. Hurting." Hermione stepped towards him. "How are you?" Surprise swept across his features before vanishing, leaving her unable to decipher if the expression was due to the question itself or that she'd asked at all. When was the last time someone had asked him that? The question was loaded, despite being seemingly binary. The expected answer was yes or no, but the word itself had more definitions. There was a range of responses, and for a long time, Draco didn't tell her where he landed on the spectrum. He took her hands into his, lacing them together, and the gap between them closed even more as he leaned forward. He took off the mask he wore for the world and rested his forehead against hers. "Fine." A deceptive mantra Hermione had repeated to herself when she felt anything but. Instead of insisting or pushing, she closed her eyes and breathed, feeling both steady and aware of the growing chaos in all areas of her life. Him included. Or rather, the pesky seed in her field that was growing far too quickly for comfort. "I'm fine, too." Source: Jaxxinthebox August 12, 2011 Narcissa sat on Andromeda's swinging garden bench before daybreak. Dressed regally in royal purple with perfect hair and makeup, she looked like a portrait come to life. Frozen in time. A bookmarked novel sat on her lap and her eyes were vacant, focused somewhere in the distance. Her entire being seemed turned inwards, lost in internal contemplation. It was a familiar look. "She's been out there over an hour." Andromeda was in the kitchen overseeing Teddy, who was trying his hand at making eggs. "Remember to be gentle when cracking the eggs, love." Teddy's hair turned the same colour as the yolk when he nodded. Completely focused on his task, he reminded Hermione of his little cousin. She smiled. "Is she having an episode?" Andromeda joined her at the glass door. "It's hard to tell. Sachs and Keating are better at deciphering." The former had yet to arrive and the latter was completing her notes from the previous night. "No. I don't think she is." Narcissa seemed to be searching for a moment's peace she likely wouldn't find. Andromeda twisted her fingers together. "She's recognised me during every episode." Four since she'd come to stay after her fight with Draco. Likely triggered by stress and anxiety, it was further confirmation of her disease's steady progression. "I talk to her when it happens. Tell her stories about our childhood. It keeps her calm until the tremors and muscle weakness pass." Hermione glanced at Andromeda. "How are you?" "Still trying to cope." "If you need someone to talk to, or if you have questions, you know where I am." "Sachs and Keating have been educating me. I read the first edition of your care guide." She glanced at the new one in her hand. "I'll read this one as well, but we haven't had much time together since June. I'll be sure to visit." Hermione mentally reminded herself to schedule ahead to avoid one of her surprise visits. "You aren't sleeping much, are you?" Andromeda's quiet question was laced with subtle concern. "I slept last night." Or rather, she'd fallen asleep at some point during their conversation on the sofa and woke in jarring confusion in her own bed. "Good." "I should go. I'm meeting Draco in an hour. He took the day and cancelled Scorpius' lessons. We're going to The Leaky Cauldron beforehand." Andromeda's surprise was as evident as the numerous questions begging to be voiced, but she ignored it all in favour of clutching the new care guide close to her chest and exiting out the door. Hermione joined Narcissa on the motionless swing, remaining silent, waiting for any indication that she was ready to speak. "You are quite persistent, Miss Granger." Blue eyes still stared off into the distance of the countryside. "An admirable trait when it is not directed at me." "I'm still your Healer, even if you're upset with me." "You are here to mediate." "No, I'm here to do my job and present you with options that are geared towards your wishes. Since it's your wish to decline with grace, I'm here to make it happen to the best of my abilities." "Unlike what I did with Astoria." Toneless. Her fight with Draco was still heavy on her mind. Hermione sucked in a quiet breath. "Your pastÑ" "Regardless of what Draco thinks, I do have regrets and she is part of them. In hindsight, I could have been moreÉ accommodating." But had things been different, had Narcissa not been the catalyst, there might not have been a Scorpius. At least not as he was now. A fleeting ache at the idea of his absence was strangely sobering. "I haven't come across any person on the face of the earth who doesn't have at least one regret. I have plenty myself. There are times I wish I had made other choices. Better ones. It's natural. Human." Narcissa placed her book beside her on the swing. She was listening even if her eyes were trained elsewhere. So Hermione kept talking. "I understand that what's done is done, but I also remind myself that it's possible to grow from experience and learn." The silence stretched for what felt like an eternity. "I did what I thought was best at the time, what I have always been taught to do: survive, rebuild, move forward, secure our legacy. I was raised not to linger, to be tenacious in securing what I want." She looked down at her hands. "I did not realise I was strangling him." How could she not? The question remained lodged in her throat. Generational differences and upbringing. Trauma. Death. Fear. Being uprooted too soon. She'd done the right thing to save her son, lied to save him and them all, but she had been punished so brutally for it. The shock of it all, of losing Lucius the way she had. The Manor. Their identity. Draco was all she had left. It made sense for her to battle back towards normality, asserting control over whatever she could to make that happen. Hermione had done the same after her seizure. Control. Compartmentalisation of her feelings. Not taking a step without extensive consideration. It was a defence mechanism, a practical survival tactic and trauma response. Easy to recognise but hard to change. This was all she knew. As for Narcissa, it must have been hard to see Draco's struggles beyond her own. Past, present, and future blurred together, and the understanding of any one of them relied on having a grasp of the others. Hermione knew of Narcissa's history and the flawed, strong woman she had been raised to become. The blend of her past and present devotion to her family caused her to self-sabotage and make mistakes. She'd seen proof of her ability to grow and change, but the future was unclear and depended entirely on her and the decisions she made from this point forward. "You can't change anything. The past is right where it belongs. Don't let it dictate your present or your future. It's important that we learn from our mistakes. It's also equally important to address our current reality andÑ" "Perhaps this is punishment for the way I treated her." Hermione opened her mouth to speak but wisely shut it. Best not to go there. It truly wasn't her place. "Or fate," Narcissa said quietly. "I do not know which." "If I've learned anything after erasing my parents' memories, IÑif you're truly remorseful, you'll accept the consequences of your actions, and understand that things might not ever be the same. You own it and do whatever you can to make amends to those you've hurt. All of them. You might earn forgiveness, you might not. You have no control over it, but you do have time to focus on your relationships. This division between you and DracoÑand even ScorpiusÑdoesn't have to fill the rest of your life." Hermione let the words sit in the space between them. "How is he?" It was a question she should have expected but wasn't prepared for at all. Touching her hair to give her time to sort through what she could say, Hermione shifted on the swing. The other woman was waiting, even if she didn't appear to be. "That you think I know what's on his mindÑ" "Is not improbable." Narcissa looked at her for the first time. "A mother always knows, and while my son is good at presenting himself in the manner of his choosing, he does not have the same talent at hiding what he wants. At least not from me." Hermione froze. "Draco is careful and persistent. Not naturally patient, of course, but it is something he has learned as he has gotten older. And yet, he has not changed much when it comes to his methods of pursuit. He learns as much as he can about the object until he has it in his possession. It has always been hard to tell him no, even when what he wants is imprudent orÉ unsuitable." She knew not to take the bait and react to the metaphorical slap in the face. Lately, Hermione had been really good about keeping her assessments and comments to herself, butÑ Knowing better and doing better were two very different things. She inhaled. "I suppose it's a good thing that you can't decide something's worth in his eyes." "Oh?" Narcissa's eyes narrowed. "Do go on, Miss Granger. I would love to hear your thoughts on the matter." "You will, but not today. This is for your review." Hermione handed her the care manual. "I've made changes and geared the care plan towards your wishes. Occupational therapy should help with your tremors and rigidity. There are details about the adjustments to my earlier suggestions on pages twenty through twenty four." Hermione stood, dusting invisible lint off her jeans and fixing her shirt. "As for your comment, perhaps your focus should be on rebuilding your relationship with him and Scorpius. Listen to him. Consider his wishes, just as he has considered yours. You both have sacrificed so much in the name of family and legacy, but I think it's best that you decide which is more important to you: Draco's happiness or your own propriety and wish fulfilment." She started to turn and leave whenÑ "Are you running from this conversation, Miss Granger?" "No, but this is a topic that's not up for discussion. Not when there are more pressing matters for you to tend to." The look exchanged signalled the standoff before an inevitable battle. "I don't presume to know Draco's inner thoughts, but I do know that even in anger, he inquires after you. As you know, he's no stranger to loss, to losing people, and despite everything and the misery you've caused him, you are his mother and he loves you." Narcissa looked stricken. "MothersÉ" Hermione shoved her hands into her pockets. "No matter how old we get, how angry or frustrated you make us, how much you push us and hurtÑ" She abruptly looked away and down. "We never stop needing you, even when life takes you from us." "You know how much I love him." "Then tell him. Show him. Respect the decisions he makes with his life and trust that he is capable of navigating his own without your input or demands. You raised him to be his own man, now it's time that you let him take control of the life he will live long after you've passed." "IÑ" "You think he's ready? No matter what Draco thinks or says, he won't ever be ready, but this is inevitable, no matter the care plan. I know this is hard on you, discussing your decline and making decisions, but this is equally as hard on him. He is preparing, just as you are, but in a different way. Don't waste this time you have with him and Scorpius. With your familyÑall of them. It's not too late to build better memories, even if yours will fade." Breakfast had been abandoned when Hermione arrived. That was not particularly worrying, but what grabbed her attention was the fact that every cabinet in the kitchen was open and the culprit was likely the extremely flustered child sitting on the island with his hands covering his mouth. Draco was in front of him, looking lost with a grimace reserved for whatever was in his hand. They both looked at it then at each other. "Everything okay?" Hermione approached the pair, who were visibly relieved to see her. Draco slowly uncurled his hand and showed her the object in his palm. Scorpius lost a tooth. But he wasn't the least bit happy about it. "He bit into an apple slice," Draco explained. She loomed a bit closer to the little boy who refused to uncover his mouth. "He only got upset when it wouldn't fit back in place." Draco raked a rough hand through his hair. "Hence the accidental magic." "Ah, his first?" "Ever? No." Draco paused. "Recently? Yes." Her immediate thought was likely right: he hadn't done accidental magic since his mother died. The expression on his father's face confirmed it, and Scorpius appeared increasingly worried, eyes moving between them, growing more restless until she steadied him with a gentle hand on his shoulder. "Losing a tooth is a good thing." Scorpius was not convinced. "Do you want to know why?" Blue eyes turned comically suspicious. "It's a sign of growing up and you are. Soon you'll be taller than me." Which wouldn't take too much effort. Watching Scorpius peek over at his dad, she grinned and conspiratorially whispered, "Maybe you'll grow as tall as him, would you like that?" He nodded bashfully, but still kept his hands firmly in place. "I know what happened was scary and it hurt. Do you feel better now?" Scorpius removed one hand to sign yes. "Good." Absently, Hermione smoothed his brows. "Your dad lost his teeth, just like you. So did I. And do you know what we did with them?" She had so much of his attention that he dropped his hands to his lap. "We tucked them under our pillow." Why? Hermione smiled at his signed question. "If you put your tooth under your pillow, the Tooth Fairy comes at night and takes it to add to her collection. As thanks, she leaves you a GalleonÑ" "I thought it was a Sickle." She cut her eyes at Draco. "Inflation." The corner of his mouth quirked. "A Galleon it is." Hermione returned to Scorpius. "Can I see? Just to make sure you're okay?" It took several moments of deliberation before he opened his mouth, revealing the missing tooth as a lower incisor; slight signs of his adult tooth were already present upon closer inspection. Hermione didn't notice Draco hovering until Scorpius' eyes wandered to him. "Everything looks normal." "How do youÑ" "My parents are retired dentists." At the confused look on Scorpius' face, she amended her statement. "My parents are teeth Healers." His little mouth formed an O as he bobbed his head. After helping him down, Hermione eyed the waiting teacup on the island and closed all the cabinets with a wave of her wand. Draco took the lead on the simple task of taking Scorpius to his room to place the tooth under his pillow. When they returned, Scorpius hugged her for a long time while Draco went to his office to grab his wand before they all left. Holding on and tilting his head up, he gave her a gap-toothed smile that made her grin widen in return. Just when she thought he couldn't get any more adorableÉ The drizzle passed and the fog was lifting above the street in front of The Leaky Cauldron. From their seat next to the window, Hermione couldn't see the sun peeking between the clouds, but she knew it was there. The city was alive. The skies were turning from white to blue: the first sign of a beautiful day. Scorpius was far more interested in watching people and buses and cars than he was in the cinnamon twist Hannah had insisted he try, but that probably had to do with his disinterest in the sweet treat. Scorpius, who was a bit paranoid about eating after the apple incident, didn't like cinnamon anything. Neither did his father. So Hermione enjoyed the pastry with tea while Draco stole glances of his son enjoying his trip into the city. Hermione barely disguised her wonder at the sight of them out together on a Friday morning, both so far off course. When it was time, Hermione wished Hannah well and led the way to the entrance to Diagon Alley. One glance back and she caught sight of Scorpius' hand securely in his father's grip. She couldn't help but notice, once again, how small he looked next to Draco. It didn't help that Scorpius was peering around, and his thoughtful curiosity manifested itself as a deep furrow to his brows. That was the extent of their matching. Hermione tapped the bricks correctly and stepped aside for Scorpius to watch them roll back. And he did, mouth open. Diagon Alley was still asleep when they entered and lamps were still on, despite the sun's presence in the sky. The shops had yet to open, but employees could be seen inside each window Hermione passed, working to start a new day. The streets were nearly empty aside from the odd person or two enjoying a morning stroll before Diagon Alley was filled with vendors and people alike. No one paid them any mind. They walked along the pavement, Hermione noticing the Apothecary had finally been cleaned upÑat least the windows were fixedÑbut the door was still boarded up. They didn't linger there, but they did stop at the window to Flourish and Blotts, where Draco lifted Scorpius so he could see the books on display. He looked amazed. Their second pause was at Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlour, and she wondered if Draco would consider bringing him back once they opened, but she didn't ask. 93 Diagon Alley was closed for business, set to open later, but the lights were on and the top hat was extended in welcome. Scorpius was sceptical, steps slowing the closer they got to their destination. His hand slipped into hers and she was reminded of a promise she'd made him. If you need me. "It's a joke shop," Hermione said from their place at the bottom step in front of the closed doors. Scorpius craned his head up at his dad who was looking at the building. She wondered what he was thinking; he likely hadn't been there in years. "But they have a children's section they're starting and you get to be one of the first to see it." That got the little boy's attention, and for a second, Hermione was worried. Scorpius had a room with toys he never played with. She wondered if he would pick anything or even engage. Instead of allowing the thought to fester, she decided to let it play out. After adjusting his grip on his dad's hand and hers, Scorpius gave a quick nod and they started up the four steps. Draco let his hand go to open the door, and Hermione led him inside, where his eyes immediately took in the overwhelming sight and coloursÉ And a sight he didn't expect to see. A person. A friend. Albus. He stood next to Harry, practically hopping from foot to foot until he saw Scorpius. They both froze for the longest moment before they surged into action at the same time, meeting in the middle with a tight embrace. The excitement on both their faces was something Hermione would never forget. When they pulled back and grinned at one another, she realised they were both missing teeth. "We match!" Albus declared proudly while Scorpius audibly laughed, opposite of his earlier mood. What a pair they made. But then he held up both hands and stepped back suddenly. "Wait! I forgot!" Scorpius' head tilted slightly, as did hers. Clarity broke through when Albus raised his hands and signed three words. I missed you. "Auntie Fleur and Uncle Bill helped. Did I do it rigÑ" Scorpius signed the same words back. And then they were hugging again. Her arm brushed against Draco, who stood silently beside her witnessing the sight, and when she looked, she caught the softening of his expression. It was a moment he was part of rather than absent from. Most of the time, hello was better than goodbye, and Hermione made a note to remember that no one could say goodbye if there hadn't been a hello first. She had to wonder if Scorpius and Albus weren't the only ones saying hello after a long absence. Or maybe for the first time. After being swept into the maelstrom of an ecstatic Albus, one where she hugged both boys at the same time, she realised how much Scorpius had sprouted over the summer. He'd caught up in height with Al. "Time for a tour!" George loudly declared from his place on the iron stairs that led to his office. "Are you both ready?" "Yes!" Albus answered for them both, still holding his best friend's hand; his excitement was contagious and had spread to the normally cautious Scorpius. But instead of walking towards George, he peered up at a bewildered Draco. "I'm Al." He stuck out his hand. "You're Scorp's dad, Mr Draco." Hermione's eyebrow went up in the pause between that moment and when Draco squatted before both boys, accepting the offered hand. "You can call me Mr Malfoy." "Okay, Mr Draco." And off they went. It took biting her finger to stop herself from laughing out loud at Draco's perturbed expression. "I didn't think it was possible." They were long out of earshot when he finally rose to his feet. "What?" "Potter's son is almost as annoying as he is." That time she couldn't hold back and was still chuckling when she approached Harry, who was looking on in amusement as George gave an exaggerated introduction to a captive audienceÑwell, mainly Albus, Scorpius kept looking over to make sure they were still there. Keeping tabs. "You look a bit tired, Harry," Hermione said while watching Draco look at items by the door, hands clasped behind his back. He frowned at something she couldn't see and moved along. A full head taller than the stand, his face was clearly visible above the shelving. "That's what happens when you open your eyes and there's a five-year-old staring at you. At your bedside. Already dressed and ready and asking if we could go now. It was three in the morning. I almost had a heart attack." Harry scowled when Hermione smothered her laughter into her fist at the mental image. "Ginny is on her way with Lily and James. They both weren't moving fast enough for Al soÉ" That time they both laughed. "Did you meet Malfoy and Scorpius here?" "Scorpius lost a tooth this morning so after we calmed him down, we went to The Leaky Cauldron to wait. He people-watched until it was time. I don't think he's been here in a long time." Harry folded his arms, his eyes cutting to Draco's back. "I thought your wards were ready." "They are." "Then why were you at Malfoy's so early?" "Oh, I normally have breakfast with them soÑHarry stop looking at me like that." "Like what?" Harry waggled his brow. "You're very involved." "Of course I am. ScorpiusÑ" "I mean with Malfoy." "What?" "You seemÉ closer." Pansy and Daphne hadn't told Ginny, which was why he had no idea about them courtingÉ or whatever nameless thing they were doing. So, Hermione went with her next best argument. "We have an alliance. I'm helping him with Scorpius and he's helping me with his mother's potion. We're justÉ experimenting." Not technically a lie. Harry's expression belied his disbelief, and she snuck a glance at the boys as they listened to George demonstrate his first toy. The children looked on in unmistakable fascination. "I don't doubt that, but you look at him likeÑ" Harry stopped abruptly. Hermione, curious about why, followed his line of sight. Ah! Draco had just entered earshot. Of course he would notice. Then Ginny came in carrying Lily, James at her side, and Harry excused himself to greet his wife and children. His parting look promised her they would resume their conversation. Hermione had no intention of doing that. It was natural to gravitate towards Draco. Made sense to approach. Fall into step alongside him. She almost said something silly about the shop bringing back memories, but not all memories were good. The items he purchased. The things he did. Instead, Hermione took the tactful approach. "If you want the tour with ScorpiusÑ" "I'm letting him enjoy himself." It looked very much like he wasÑnot far from Albus. Their hands were still locked and their smiles bright with George's outrageous gestures and tricks from the toys he was showing them. He paused to take charge of introducing James and Lily to Scorpius, whose ears were burning from the attention. Too focused on the toys, the eldest Potter only waved while the youngest sized up the new addition, decided he was fine, and settled next to Albus. "See anything you like?" After realising how it sounded and catching the slight rise of Draco's brow, Hermione amended her statement. "I saw you pick up a few items." "This place has changed." "It has." George, Lee, and Ron had created an empire after the war and Fred's deathÑone of the few businesses to thrive without the false help of Tiberius. They expanded across the continent and were looking to grow further to the States. Their items had changed a lot, too. Just as many joke items as there were practical safety items. Rules for who could purchase what. It was a sign of the times and the world they lived in. An uproar of childish laughter broke out and they both looked over at the demonstration. George's skin was turning different colours like a rainbow or Teddy's hair (as James loudly pointed out). Scorpius was frowning in confusion, appearing not to understand the purpose, until George stuck his tongue out at him. Then he smiled. "Where are you going after this?" Hermione slipped her hands into her pockets, feeling odd. "Why do you ask?" "I was thinking you should take Scorpius to the bookstore or for ice cream. He would like that." "Perhaps." Draco seemed to consider it, but kept walking down the aisle with all the safety items they sold. Hermione just happened to catch his eye when he looked up at a shelf along the wall that was taller than him. "What are you doing after this?" "IÉ." The question stumped her. "I have gardening, Percy wants to pick my brain about a law you translated for him that I flagged for review. Then I'll be preparing the binding agents." "Ah." A tiny flutter of something rippled through Hermione, both surprising and irritating her. "What did youÑ" "We still haven't had that walk. Perhaps you should choose the date." Draco looked over at the display and her eyes followed his, catching Harry and Ginny blatantly staring at them. They both frowned while the other two exchanged looks and laughs. "I'm assuming they don't know." "No, IÑ" "Hermione!" It was a voice she hadn't heard in months: Lee Jordan. And he was coming down the stairs with a gregarious grin on his face. He gave her a friendly hug before shifting his attention to the taller man next to her; Lee had to crane his neck to look Draco in the eye. "Malfoy." "Jordan." That was the extent of their exchange. "You're looking as stunning as ever, Hermione." From the corner of her eye, she saw Draco's frown slip into a scowl when Lee took her hand and started to kiss it. Hermione swatted him awayÑlike always. He'd been like this for years. Perfectly harmless. "I see your time away hasn't made you any less of a massive flirt." He'd been gone for months working to expand Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes to the States. "I've been saving it all for you." She rolled her eyes and they laughed. Draco excused himself, continuing down the aisle. Hermione watched him go, but she was certain their talk wasn't done. After shaking her head, she shoved Lee in the shoulder in true greeting. He rocked back with the blow, pretending it hurt when she knew it didn't. "Still heavy-handed, I see. How've you been?" "Busy as always. How was New York?" "Not bad, but there's no place like home. Speaking of, I hear you've been pretty tied up lately." "Healing and gardening are hard work." Hermione glanced over his shoulder at Draco. She could have sworn he was watching, but when she peeked, he was placing an item back on a shelf. She shook her head. Lee gave her a dubious look. "As is being part of the Restoration." "I'm just helping." "I hear that if Kingsley says no, they'll be looking to you toÑ" "Speculation at best, as I'm not looking into a new career. Tell me about New York." "It's crowded." Lee glanced over his shoulder only to see Draco disappear around the corner and out of sight. "Tell me about Malfoy. You seemÉ chummy." Hermione rolled her eyes. "I happen to be his mother's personal Healer and we're working together on a few projects. We were in the middle of a conversation when you so rudely interrupted." "What was he doing?" Lee cocked a brow. "Asking you out? The way he was looking at yÑ" "You're incorrigible." Sidestepping him, Hermione tossed a hand up as she went. "Goodbye!" It took almost no time to find Draco, who regarded her with a quick glance before continuing on. She fell into step beside him, noticing his tiny shift but chalking it up to him being his normal, prickly self. Draco was looking at a Disillusionment necklace designed to allow children too young to do magic to hide when needed. But only once. It was the first thing he hadn't put back. "Are you getting that for Scorpius?" "No, for myself. To test it and see how it works." "To create your own?" "Possibly." His response was dry. "Perhaps create one that lasts longer than a single use." "What else have you created? Your ring and Narcissa's necklace are two things IÑ" Hermione's mouth shut when she glanced over at the wizard. He looked irritated, but not at any product in the store. "I'm certain I can manage if you want to catch up with Jordan." Oh! He was irritated at her. Hermione picked up a wand holster. "I've finished that. I probably need another one of these. I wonder if they have a shoulder holster thatÑ" "You are under no obligation to be polite. Jordan just signalled for you to joinÑ" "Are you jealous?" Before the question could be answered or avoided, two five-year-olds rounded the counter. Both were smiling, missing teeth adorably on display, and she knew instantly they wanted something. She also knew she would probably say yes. "Can Scorp see the chickens today?" Source: Jaxxinthebox It was magical how such a small moment could feel so large in the eyes of a child. Or in hers. Even with Al's prodding and encouragement, Scorpius remained rooted in the grass by the entrance to her coop. His hands were clasped behind his back in a sure sign of nerves akin to stage fright from the tremendous build up to this moment. It would pass. Or that was what she told Draco when he folded his arms and his mouth turned down in concern. They watched as he longingly looked on while Albus chased Pink and Zazu, the latter's joy from seeing the chickens after so long muted by Scorpius' hesitation to join in. Worried looks passed between them and she could almost hear Al's question in her mind. Does he not like them? With the way Scorpius took a hesitant step forward then back, Hermione doubted that was the case. She left Draco's side to help, and when she found what she was looking for, Hermione sat in the grass next to Scorpius holding IagoÑthe first chicken to tire of running away from Albus Ñand a handful of feed. "Come say hi." Slowly, Scorpius sank down on his knees beside her. Iago pecked at the food in her open hand and Hermione petted the chicken's back while keeping her eyes trained on him, unable to feel anything beyond Scorpius's hesitation in the moment. "Go on, love. You can do this." Scorpius stared at her in open trust before gently petting its feathersÑvery slowly the first few timesÑand settling beside her. "Soft, right?" He nodded, still so focused, but his tension began evaporating. She stole a glance at Draco, who watched just as intensely from his spot, and waved him over with a single finger. Albus, as well, since Pink and Zazu were more focused on food than him. The transition from her lap to Scorpius' was as easy and calm as the growing smile on his face when Albus sat in front of him with a lopsided grin. "Do you like them?" The hope in Albus' voice was loud in the silence provided by nature. Scorpius nodded, mouth quirking in a way that made his dimples show. Dubious was the best word to describe Draco upon entering the area, but when he sat in the grass next to Scorpius, and petted the chicken after a long but amusing eye war with his son, another word came to mind: Trouble. Draco's lowered guard allowed her to see the man beneath the mask. In moments like these, he was the embodiment of that word. Hermione couldn't deny the way she felt when witnessing his efforts to support his growing bond with Scorpius, even if it meant stepping out of his comfort zoneÑlike now. Life hadn't been kind but each time it afforded him a bit of reprieveÉ It was strange how much those moments resonated with her. "Can Scorp have his own chicken?" Albus' question drew her attention. "We all have one. Scorp needs one, too!" "Um." Hermione looked at Scorpius only to find him with eyes that practically screamed please. Oh Merlin, she had no plans for another chicken. Three was enough, but here she was, already thinking about the nearby farmer. He would likely have baby chicks available in the coming monthsÉ She could imagine the sight of Scorpius holding it reverently, and her ears already rang from the volume Pansy's scream would likely reach when she saw oneÑor maybe twoÑbaby chicks in her new clawfoot tub. No one just had one baby chicken. Everyone needed a friend. "I'll think aboÑ" "Yay!" Hermione smiled at Albus' overt and premature excitement, Scorpius' quiet smile as he released Iago to join the others, then over to Draco, who looked on with an air of amusement. She felt light, sitting in the grass and warmed by the sun. Oh. "The others will be here soon for lunch." Hermione clapped her hands together. "What do you think we should make?" "Pizza!" The suggestion only won when it became clear Scorpius had no idea what pizza was. Determined to change that, it took almost no time to get everyone inside. First, she sent the boys off to wash their hands while she preheated the oven. Al's loud promise not to play in the sink made her chuckle while she washed her own hands in the brewing room. Draco stepped into the storage closet, and after drying her hands, she leaned against the doorframe to watch him. "What are you doing?" "Making certain you have everything we need. I'll also need to use your Floo to check in at work." "Okay." She started to back out, but came forward in a moment of bravery. "Monday night." Draco paused. "What about it?" "I chose the date. I'll be spending the full moon at Pansy's, which will likely turn into the weekend. SoÉ Monday. You choose the location." She cleared her throat. "I'll go start the pizza withÑ" "You're overthinking this." "As I do." Given the list of locations she knew of, thanks to Pansy, so was he. Hermione almost said something to that effect when he paused his task and stepped in front of her. A finger lifting her chin left her heart fluttering as she accepted one of his kisses. It wasn't at all delicate, but neither was he. Deeper than the first one days ago in the conservatory but quicker than she'd like, the kiss ended and Draco pulled back before she could ride the wave of sensation. Left feeling stirred in a way that temporarilyÑand annoyinglyÑcleared her mind of clutter, chaos, and, honestly, everything else. Well, almost everything. "I should go." Not that she wanted to. "You should." Hermione felt his stare as she went. It took every speck of willpower she possessed not to look back. Homemade pizza was easy, but Hermione didn't make it often. There was a recipe for almost everything, and she found one quickly, reading it out loud to her helpers while they brought her everything she needed. They got to work, making two pizzas for everyone. Hermione stood between two stools where the eager little boys worked quietly, listening to her direction and explanation. Flour was everywhere. Scorpius had a bit on the tip of his nose and Al couldn't stop laughing at his cross-eyed attempts to see. Hermione wiped it away. By the time Harry and Ginny arrived with James and Lily, the last pizza was fresh out of the oven. Everything was set up in the conservatory where the table was expanded and a mishmash of transfigured chairs were arranged around it. It wasn't until well after they started eating that Draco emerged from her office and joined them in the open seat to Hermione's left. She still pointedly ignored the looks from her friends. They were well past Scorpius' first experimental bites, and he and Albus were on their second slice, happy to be reunited. James was on his third, chattering about the new toys he got from the joke shop with his mouth full. Lily was halfway through her first, but opted to lay on the chaise in the sun after declaring herself to be a cat. Draco didn't eat. Not even when Ginny gathered all the children for post-lunch quiet time, which involved arranging everyone in front of the barely-used telly for cartoons. When she didn't return after thirty minutes, Hermione went inside to discover the cartoons were watching the majority of them. Only Albus and Scorpius were still awake on the floor; the former was explaining the show on the telly to the latter. Ginny was stretched out on the sofa with James on the opposite end and Lily curled up in front of her. Hermione summoned blankets for them all and left them to nap in peace. "Al and Scorpius are watching the telly. The rest are asleep." Hermione shook her head once she returned, the mild conversation between Harry and Draco ending upon her arrival. "Even Ginny." Harry didn't look surprised. "Late nights and early mornings for the last few days, she was bound to crash somewhere." He grabbed another slice of pizza, which reminded her yet again that Draco hadn't. The desire to know why was compelling. "Are you not hungry?" "I don't care for cheese." He looked as though he'd rather discuss anything else. "What?" Harry baulked. "How did you survive in France?" "Without cheese," Draco drawled tonelessly. The irony of having a son who loved it wasn't missed. "I can make you something else if you'dÑ" They all turned their heads when two little boys emerged. But instead of Albus prodding Scorpius along, it was Scorpius' turn to do the guiding and they came straight to her. Scorpius gave his friend an expectant look. "Can we walk to the trees?" Hermione glanced over at Harry, who seemed surprised. "Only if you're sure." Harry sounded as patient as always. "We can wake Lily, James, andÑ" "No." Albus said, dimming slightly. "I justÑcan you hold my hand, Dad?" "Sure." Harry's eyes softened. "I won't let go unless you want me to." Hermione and Draco lingered several paces behind, both focused on the sight of Albus walking between his dad and best friend, who periodically looked back to make certain they were still there. The sun was high in the sky but it wasn't hot. Just comfortable. The fresh air. The grass beneath her feet. The presence beside her. The fingers that repeatedly brushed against hers. They didn't talk. It didn't feel like the right moment to exchange words. Draco seemed to enjoy the silence and Hermione kept looking at him, trying to confirm her suspicions, but his focus was on the trees ahead. Before she knew it, they were passing Albus' last marker. But just as Hermione was marvelling over the fact that he was still going strong, that they were getting so close, maybe ten yards away, Albus stopped abruptly and his head tilted up at the tall trees. Harry took a knee next to his son and talked to him while Scorpius looked between them, concern etched all over his face. Al's cheeks were turning red and her instinct was to help, but she hung back, not wanting to crowd him. After a minute, Harry stood up and turned to him. "We'llÑ" Try again. He never finished. Much to her shock, Scorpius stood in front of his friend. There was that familiar determination in his eyes as he got Al's attention and started walking backwards towards the trees. And AlÉ followed. Trusted him. Step by step. His eyes focused squarely on Scorpius, who kept him distracted from obsessing over the vastness ahead. And they all followed behind the two little boys. Scorpius only turned his head once, and that was when he walked the last few feet and touched the tree before holding out his hand like a lifeline. Al took it. When he touched the tree for himself, a moment so small and insignificant to anyone else, he sobbed and grinned and didn't let go of either lifeline. Harry joined him, looking elated as he kneeled beside his son. She already knew he was telling Al how proud he was even as he wiped his tears. Draco's approach to Scorpius was much more subtle, more fitting to who they both were. Draco placed a hand on his son's shoulder and Scorpius leaned against him while still holding Al's hand. To Scorpius, Harry offered his appreciation in a hand gesture Hermione hadn't expected. Thank you. August 15, 2011 Hermione sat at the island and flipped through a vegetarian cookbook for inspiration for lunch when three words at the top of a page caught her attention. Back to basics. Maybe it was time she did just that. She started by putting away the book and pulling out all the ingredients she'd brought, and before she knew it, Hermione was grabbing flour and making crusts for individual vegetable pies. Something small and able to fit in a muffin tin. By the time Scorpius signed his greeting and carefully made his way onto the stool, Hermione was letting lunch cool on plates. But the exhilaration she'd had while creating it had faded and worry was beginning to set in. It was simple. Maybe too much? Maybe the filling was too thick, the vegetables might not be done, and she was now second guessing the seasonings. But she'd made it with her own combination in mind using all the tools she'd learned along the wayÑand most notably, no direction. In the end, none of that mattered. There were only two opinions that counted: hers and Scorpius'. The little boy enjoyed it so much he put down his fork to sign his request for seconds. "Of course." Hermione watched him tuck into his second helping before trying it for herself. It was good, perhaps she'd let it bake for a few minutes too long, but it was hersÑand that was the most important thing. Catherine's entrance didn't cause any alarm, neither did the appearance of Narcissa's security team or Sachs, but when Andromeda entered behind her with a panicked expression on her face, Hermione snapped to attention. Hermione got up in a move that made Scorpius look up, but before he could turn towards the group of adults standing together, she touched his wrist to get his attention and excused herself. "Finish up, okay? I'll be right back." He nodded, pulling his father's note from his pocket to look at it, as he often did towards the end of a meal. ReadingÑor trying to interpretÑwhile eating. He reminded her of so much of Draco reading the paper while drinking tea. Hermione's fond smile fell when he stopped looking. Something was very wrong. Hermione made a sharp gesture for everyone to follow her into the study off the living room. Out of Scorpius' earshot. Whatever had brought them together wasn't something he needed to hear or know about. After grabbing her trusty bag off the island, Hermione draped it across her chest and led the way. Her mind was rolling as she tried to figure out a solution before she even knew the problem. Hermione shut the double doors with a curl of her finger. The corners of her lips dropped into a frown; the scene reminded her of a time in her life when Harry turned a normal day into one where they ended up in some sort of trouble. "Narcissa had an incident." Andromeda was direct, to the point, and instantly had Hermione's complete attention. "What?" "She was agitated after breakfast this morning. Sachs and I insisted she take time to settle, but she was insistent on keeping to her schedule today, which was busier than normal." Sachs took over the tale. "We were waiting for the book signing to begin when she got up and started pacing the room. She made a noise and then she was justÉ gone." "Where is she now?" Sachs and the security team exchanged looks. They didn't know. "How long has she been missing?" "An hour. Sachs came to me immediately and I let security search for one hour before coming here." Sachs was frazzled. Everything from the state of her hair, clothes, and even the sweat on her brow spoke to the sort of day she'd likely already had. The two security guards were in a similar state of flustered panic, but there was only room for reason right now. "We checked everywhere, every place she had wandered off to in the past. We came back here to see if she'd returned home. We were asking Catherine to contact MrÑ" "Wait." Hermione held up both hands. "Nobody contacted Draco?" The security team exchanged looks. "He told us never to interrupt him while he's working." "I think he would want to be informed if his mother's missing." "IÑ" Sachs looked awkward. Sachs knew about the fight; Hermione knew how little it mattered. "Isn't he the one who always finds her?" Catherine spoke up. With his ring. Finished listening, Hermione stood, ready to give instructions. First, she peeked out to make sure Scorpius hadn't followed her, but he remained out of sight. "Catherine. He's already eaten. If you could work on sign language with him and take him outside before his afternoon lessons that would be ideal. It's sunny. He'll want to sit with the cactus. Don't try to water it. We did that last week." She turned to Andromeda. "If I'm not back by dinner, Floo Daphne and let her know." They both nodded. "Sachs, was there any chance that she could have Splinched herself?" "I'm not certain. She just disappeared. The noise was loud." Not a good jump then. Hermione swore under her breath. "Any issues after her potions this morning?" It was a question worth asking. "None. She was fine mostly." Sachs seemed to wrack her brain. "She complained of a headache and some general left-sided weakness, but that was it. I asked if she wanted to rest and she declined. Right before she Apparated, she was agitated because she was insistent that she'd brought her broach but couldn't find it. I was trying to calm her down and redirect her when she Apparated." "I see. Would you mind excusing us?" Hermione gave Catherine a look and the witch left to fetch Scorpius. Andromeda followed. Hermione was unamused. "The next time anything like this happens, don't try to find her. Tell Draco immediately. Or come to me and I'll go to him. Splinching isn't our only concern." She could have Apparated too far or found herself in a dangerous situation. Uncontrolled magic. Wandering and confused and lost. Panicked and afraid. She could wind up in the wrong situation or worse, accidentally spotted by Death Eaters. The threat of danger was real. Too real. "Please remain here should she turn up. You two"ÑHermione pointed at securityÑ"canvas the area surrounding where she vanished and around this house, look again at all her previous places and expand the search from there. Report back to me via Patronus." The two nodded and left immediately. "Sachs, Floo call Theo and notify him there's been an incident and to be on the lookout for any messages from me or Draco." "And if he's not there?" "Keep trying until he answers." Hermione left with one destination in mind. Scorpius. He was now sitting on the sofa with Catherine, holding his cactus while giving her an unimpressed look that perked when he saw Hermione. She took a knee beside him. "I need to do something and I'll be back as soon as I'm finished." He started to move as if he were coming with her and Hermione shook her head. "I need you to stay here with Catherine. We've already talked. She won't water your cactus." "Promise." His nanny gave him an assuring smile. There were positives about his hyper obedience. He clearly didn't like that Hermione was leaving early, but nodded in acquiescence anyway. Cupping his cheek with her hand, she raised it up just a bit. "Show Catherine how good you are with signing letters so she can be as good as you one day." The proud look that appeared on his face made her smile. Hermione glanced over at Andromeda, who watched the exchange with a soft expression. "Can Teddy come over when he gets out of camp?" "Of course." In no time, she was stepping out of the Floo into Draco's empty office. A quick glance at the open scheduler on his desk next to the slightly glowing potato showed her exactly where he was. Training. And off she wentÑno room number needed, just a hunch. Ignoring curious looks from Task Force members, she walked with a purpose past secretaries who tried to stop her, and people who whispered as she passed. Nothing else mattered. Hermione was single-minded on her way to the training rooms she'd seen the last time she'd been searching for him. More eyes and whispers followed her as she made her way down the corridors of the Ministry. It wasn't until she got to the hall with the training rooms that she realised she had absolutely no idea which room he might be in. There were eight. The first four were empty, but the fifth was full of unfamiliar faces lined up in preparation for duelling. Her presence earned several looks. "Wrong room, sorry." Before anyone could say anything, or ask her what or who she was looking for, Hermione stepped back out and closed the door. Blessedly, that didn't happen again. When Hermione opened the door to the sixth room, she spotted a familiar face: Harry stood near the door watching. It was larger than all the previous rooms she'd been in, the ceiling higher, the walls nearly white, and the floors looked hard but felt soft against the soles of her shoes. Two trainees were already at work, locked in what appeared to be a fierce duel inside a ward. The room was silent. The others stood in a semi-circle around the ward as they watched the two. They appeared evenly matched and equally determined to win as they fired what looked like training spells. Draco was circling the dome, concentrating, observing, and giving direction in French. Harry noticed her. "Hermione, what are you doing here?" "Narcissa is missing. I needÑ" She didn't have to say anything else. Harry clapped his hands and the lights in the room brightened, which drew everyone's attention, including the heavily breathing duo still inside the ward. A visibly irritated Draco turned to Harry, but his eyes fell on her first. If Hermione expected a reaction, she got one in the form of him pinching the bridge of his nose before squaring his shoulders and approaching them with long, confident strides. The closer he got, the more she noticed the nuanced changes in him. No glasses or jacket. The harness with his wand was over one shoulder, and his sleeves were rolled to his elbows exposing a glamoured, bare arm. Hermione would have rolled her eyes at his efforts, but there was literally no time. "Granger." "Your mother has been missing for a little over an hour." Draco blinked twice before his mouth twisted into a scowl. "Where are herÑ" "Can we talk and walk?" She didn't try to sound urgent, but subtly wasn't her specialty. Especially during an emergency. She didn't necessarily like the ethics behind a tracking option but need weighed heavier than moral concerns. He looked over at Harry who nodded. "I'll finish up here. Go." The two exchanged nods and he followed Hermione out. When she started to go back the way she came, Draco grabbed her wrist just long enough to stop her. "Follow me." They walked in the opposite direction. Hermione quickly fell into step beside him, stopping when he opened the final door at the end of the corridor and dipped his head inside before opening it wider for her to enter. Hermione walked under his arm and waited impatiently for him to shut the door. "How does it work? Your ring?" "I say the spell and it takes me to where she is." "Okay." That sounded simple enough. "But can it take us both? She might be injured or confused." "I don't know. ItÑ" "Can we try?" "I suppose. You'll have to stand close." She moved until she was in front of himÑtoe to toe. "Closer." Hermione craned her neck up, shifting closer until she was pressed against his chest, arms around him with her hands locked together. "Ready?" Draco never gave her the opportunity to answer. He whispered the spell and she felt a strong tug. ThenÉ The experience was different from Apparition but similar to travelling by Portkey. There was a moment when time and space blended together. Everything went from silence to the sound of ocean water in her ears. Hard floors to grass beneath their feet. Stale air to the smell of salt water. Artificial light of the Ministry to the natural glow of the sun. It was blinding. Disorienting. The entire jump had left her feeling odd and out of place. Hermione stumbled back and instantly blocked the sun with her hands, looking around what appeared to be a flower-covered cliff overlooking the ocean. "I don't see her." "She'sÑ" They both spotted something at the same time: a body lying in a heap surrounded by flowers. Or what they thought was a body. "Send a message to Theo now." Hermione ran towards what was definitely her patientÑconfirmation came more into focus the closer she got. Narcissa was unconscious. Looking fragile and small, she was bleeding from a wound on her thigh large enough to stain her robes. Her face was flushed. Her lips chapped. There was no telling how long she'd been like that. And that scared her. Most of the time, it wasn't the disease that killed people in the end. It was accidents like these. Hermione dropped to her knees. Her immediate instinct was to check for a pulse, but she spotted something else first. The shallow rise and fall of her chest. Breathing a sigh of relief, she dug her wand out of her bag and quickly performed every diagnostic charm she knew. Reviving her was an option, but when Hermione lifted her robes and saw the obvious signs of injury that had been hidden by the grass, she decided against it. That amount of pain might send her into shock. Dittany was the first bottle she pulled from her bag as she began slowly checking over Narcissa: her head, behind her neckÑ There was a rock where grass should have been. And blood on Hermione's hand. That became her number one concern. Draco appeared while Hermione worked as best as she could without moving Narcissa too much. It was nearly impossible. Silently, he lowered to his knees on the other side of his mother. "Is sheÑ" "Alive. Unconscious. She hit her head on a rock when she landed. I need your help to keep her head and neck steady." He did so while Hermione slowly turned her to see the wound. It was nasty but she couldn't see the source for the blood matting her hair, and trying to be careful only made it more difficult. She covered the spot with a cloth she pulled from her bag. "Theo?" "Is sending a Healer and Mediwitch, but we're too far for a single jump. He's setting up a Portkey to send them here and another to bring us back to the rooftop of St Mungo's. He'll have a team ready for us when we arrive." "Where are we?" "Jurassic Coast." Narcissa had to have Apparated again. The distance from where she'd gone missing to hereÉ the effort alone would have killed her. The stress from one accidental Apparition was always hard on her body; she usually slept the entire next day. It was hard to imagine what two would do to her. "How long did they say?" "A few minutes." Draco never took his eyes off his mother. He helped roll her back so Hermione could apply dittany to the wound on her thigh. Though gentle, she could see the slight shake of his hand, the little hints of anxiety she might associate with most people but never before with him. He was scared. Of course he was. It took little effort to cover his hand with hersÑjust for a secondÑbefore she continued. "Will sheÑ" "She's stable but we need to get her to St Mungo's." And fast. Hermione had done the best she could with what she had. And it wasn't much. Patching Narcissa up was a quick job she completed in silence, but that didn't stop her from catching sight of Draco slipping his hand into his mother's in what was a small and private act. Hate and love were both strong emotionsÑsome would even argue they were a basic part of human nature. Both were the result of either actions or reasons. Two sides of the same coin. Easy to mix. Hard to separate. Felt with equal ferocity. But which one lurked beneath the bitterness and friction between mother and son in that moment was clear. Hermione had known it rested there all along. She'd seen it in their actions, both subtle and not, and it was obvious in the way they fought both for and against one another. Love. Sometimes it looked like apathy, but right now it looked like a son holding his mother's hand. To comfort her and maybe himself, too. Draco's eyes spoke of confessions that his mouth never uttered. He wasn't ready. To witness her decline. To watch her forget. To lose her. Exhaustion was more than just physical fatigue; it was a state of mind, but awareness of it didn't restore Hermione's energy. It felt much later than it actually was when she and the Healers finished with Narcissa. The last six hours seemed to stretch into months, and though it would take time, her patient was safe and on the road back to challenging Hermione at every turn. After stepping out of her unconscious patient's room in a private wing, she dragged a hand down her face before moving on to the next order of business. Gathering the parchment from her bag, she made the long walk to Roger's office. Only to discover the door was shut. Hermione knew where he was. Not many additional researchers had been hired yet, just the few occupying the large glass rooms that lined the wall, working on experiments that caused magical reactions, or sitting behind desks on the main floor. Roger was easy to find; the only one standing towards the back wall. There was a stack of parchment floating next to him, and when he noticed her, he waved her over. "Ah, Hermione. To what do I owe this pleasure?" "This is impressive." "We just got the rights to expand with magic so I didn't want to waste time. We're still extending some sections, but it'll take a little longer." He noted the parchment in her hands. "How can I help you?" "More file copies from Narcissa's case study." "I heard she was brought in. Accidental Apparition with injury? How is she?" "Stable. Still unconscious, but I'm optimistic she'll wake tonight or in the morning. This isn't the first incident since I've become her Healer, but it is the most dangerous. There are aspects of her condition I'm trying to figure out, and one is the sharp incline of events over the last couple of months. I know you're building your case study on her, but can you look into this? I've reached out to Charles Smith, but I'd like to get as many eyes and opinions on it as possible." "Of course." Roger accepted the stack of parchment. "Perhaps in the meantime you should look into a potion or something that stops her from Apparating without intent." Or maybe an object. Maybe just an adjustment to one she already had. Why hadn't she thought of that before? "Brilliant idea, honestly." Hermione would have to talk to Draco about it sooner than later. "Speaking of her treatment, Theo told me that you're experimenting on your own." "I am." "I've looked at the ingredients and I'm intrigued by what you're attempting to change." "I'm not aiming to change anything exactly. I'm hoping to combine all nine into one. As her disease progresses, it'll be easier to get her to take one potion over her current number. And if it works, it's not as time sensitive as her current regimen. I think it will help." "Are you doing this on your own? I canÑ" "It's a pet project." She kept the details of her partner silent. It was none of his business. "I feel that rather than experiment for all patients, I'll try to perfect the potion for one. Perhaps we can customise it and expand use to others who suffer from her illness, but I'm experimenting with binding agents and the ingredients are limited. Until I can figure out a way to cultivate it, I'm a bit limited. I also don't know if it'll work, if the brew will be effective, or if it'll evenÑ" "And you're preparing to brew the potion with that many extraneous variables?" "Yes." Hermione blinked at him. "You said it yourself, it's an experiment." "It sounds like you only have so many chances to get it right." "That's true, but that's only if I can't figure out how to cultivate the plants. Neville and I have been working on that part of it already." Even though they hadn't come up with any clear answers. "Perhaps you should wait until you have more answers." "I think today's shown me that I can't wait for everything to be perfect in order to experiment. I have to try, and if I fail in every way possible, thenÑand only thenÑcan I honestly say that I've tried everything. That I've done everything possible. And right now, I can't say that. I've monitored, I've taken ample notes, I've gone along with all the expert opinions, and I've treated her symptoms according to their proven method, but what I need to think of is creating my own. I need to look beyond what I know and what I can confirm." "There's no cure." "I'm aware of that. I am. But that shouldn't stop me from thinking about the possibility. Perhaps in the future." Roger's eyes turned scrutinous. "This sounds personal." "In some ways it isn't, in some ways it very much is, but to its core, this is me doing everything I can for my patient and her family. Perhaps it is personal. There's nothing wrong with caring." She expected more argument, but he only nodded. "If there's anything I can do to helpÉ" "I'll let you know." "In my honest opinion, this isn't an undertaking you should go at alone." She wasn't. It wasn't the response she gave, having kept Charles' advice and Draco's potion in mind, but what she said didn't give away much at all. "I'll keep that in mind. Thank you for your help." She started to leave when Roger stopped her. "Oh, in other news, Charles Smith accepted the Head Researcher position and will start in late September. He's bringing experience from his own research and work. I think his presence might be beneficial to your efforts." Perhaps it would be. The walk back to Narcissa's room felt longer, the lights on the hall seemed brighter, and as Healers and Mediwitches alike passed her with smiles and curious looks, Hermione found her return smile thinning with each step. She yawned twice, despite the fact that it was before ten o'clock, and rubbed her face. She couldn't be tired. Not when she had hours of paperwork to do and even more hours of official charting that had to be completed before she could rest. Just the idea of it all deepened her exhaustion. Hermione turned the corner that led to her destination, prepared to find the Healers finishing up, but she came upon an unexpected sight instead. Draco. Sitting on the edge of his mother's bed. Watching her sleep with their hands clasped together. Hermione almost cleared her throat to announce her presence when he moved, reaching out and carefully sweeping her hair behind her ear. He covered her forehead with his hand. Then her cheek. Each move, the way he was looking at his mother, all of it was gentler than she'd ever seen from him. More open. Honest. Like earlier. It still caught Hermione off guard. Not because of the action, but the heavy emotions around each one. The truth she'd known all along was now being expressed so fluidly. And when his mother reached up with a free hand to cover his, Hermione's heart stopped as quickly as Draco's hand stilled. Narcissa's eyes were slow to open, but when they did, they were glossy and focused on her son. Probably for the first time in too long. It was hard to interpret, but the magnitude of a simple exchange was there, in the air, and it made Hermione's stomach coil in nervous knots about what was happening and what might be said. Like a spectator, she watched a mother and son exchange two words simultaneously that allowed her to breathe. "I'm sorry." Simple to speak yet complex in meaning, the words were more powerful the less often they were spoken. Apologies were more than just an intentional act. They were a unique form of memory due to the tangible connection between past mistakes and present remorse wrapped up in a few simple syllables. Two words that could act as the balm that began the process of healing deep wounds, de-escalating a quarrel, drawing people closer, and changing lives. But those two words couldn't fix everything. And yet, it was the start they both needed. Everything happened for a reason. Hermione believed that to her core. And it begged to wonder if the purpose of all the mishaps and missteps, the arguments and strife, was for them to get to this point. Narcissa's first step towards forgiveness and the moment Draco began to let go of his anger. Their new beginning. Though he would likely never forget, he was ready to forgive. They understood each other's armour was nothing more than rusted metalÑman-made, temporary. This was the exact place where pride fell and humility rose to begin restoration, offer peace and understanding, and ultimately seek forgiveness and healing. "Draco, where am I?" Narcissa tried to look around but was unable. A painful grimace deepened her features. "You shouldn't move." "I remember nothing." Hermione could hear the fear in her weak voice. Once again, the emotions in her tone served as a reminderÑnot of their uphill battle to make Narcissa see reason about her care, but of her ongoing fall. Her decline. Coming to grips with her disease was like clutching at clouds: impossible. "St Mungo's." Hermione could barely hear him, his gentle voice nearly a murmur, so she took a step forward. "You Apparated, likely twice. Granger and I found you." Draco stopped Narcissa when she moved to sit up. "Try to relax, Mother." To Hermione's surprise, she did. Maybe she was disoriented, maybe she was just overwhelmed by her son's concerned presence, but for the first time, Narcissa relaxed completely and closed her eyes, taking one breath after the other while Draco watched intensely as if he were making note of each movement and readying the information for analysis. Their hands were still clasped together. "I am deteriorating." Draco looked down and it hurt. "I am terrified." So was he. Hermione decided it was the right moment to make her presence known by stepping fully into the room after a quick knock on the door. Narcissa's eyes opened and Draco turned his head, not releasing his mother's hand. Approaching the bed, she stopped once to glance at the enchanted parchment with her readings. Not bad but not good. Her leg brushed against Draco's as she stepped into the spot in front of him. "Be honest with me, Miss Granger. How much time do you think I have?" "I will always be honest with you." Hermione told her gently. "I have always been honest with you, even when we don't agree. Especially then." She gave Narcissa a fond look that made a glimmer of a smile appear on her face. "I can't answer your question about time." She peered at the Healer's work. There would be the faintest bruise on her hairline. "I'm no longer focused on it. Only what I can do in the interim for your comfort. That doesn't mean I'm giving up, but this is what you want. Things like this will continue to happen the more you decline, but I will be here to ease this process as much as possible. I'm still going to fight for you, but I need you to do something I've promised to do myself: step out of your comfort zone." "Andromeda said the same thing. Repeatedly." It was nice to know they had another ally. Narcissa's eyes slipped shut; the potions worked to heal her body from the inside and settle her mind. Soon her breathing evened. Deepened. Hermione finished updating everything with a Quick-Quill at her side. Draco didn't let go of his mother's hand. He never stopped watching. His mind was visibly churning. She nearly left him to it and was contemplating just that when she turned. "DracoÉ" He looked at her. "What?" "You need to go home and rest, if you can." "Potter forced me to take tomorrow off so I'll stay here on the sofa. I'll make certain I'm home in time forÉ" His words died when she impulsively stepped into his space, hesitating twice before doing what came naturally. Pressing a kiss to his forehead in an offer of comfort, she let her lips linger for an indeterminate amount of time until she tucked her head into the crook of Draco's neck. It felt like an eternity had already passed when his arms slowly curled around her, drawing her closer, his grip tightening as he let go of everything he'd been holding in since they'd found his mother. In no time, Hermione's inhale became his exhale. Subtle. In and out. The growing need to analyse and categorise this and her feelings for him wanted to run rampant, but she stubbornly kept it stuck in place. But the effort didn't stop panic and chaos from blending into something she knew well. It rose in her like a paralyzing flame. Fear. Chaos was the law of nature; Order was the dream of man. Henry Adams Chapter End Notes Happy Friday! And Happy reunion of the tangerine twins/Toothless twins (Al and Scorp). I had so many woes with this chapter, but not as many as Hermione, lmao, the poor girl is struggling with her feelings. Receptive but not sure where the lines are. Also genuinely bothered by the speed at which they're building in her. Bless. I genuinely enjoyed writing the impulsive add-in scene between Hermione and Narcissa. Hope you all enjoy. Also thank you so much for the love and support. It's invaluable. Art for this chapter: Albus by bookloverdream-blessedindeed & Scorpius & Albus ft. The Tree by oukyn & Al & Scorpius ft. chickens by chestercompany & Al & Scorp Hugging by bookloverdream-blessedindeed & Hermione Overlooking the Cliff by artseushi & Albus & Scorp Hugging by ayaka-arts Embedded art by Jaxx-in-a-box [ Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Chapter 27:Finding Hope Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Twenty Seven Finding Hope August 24, 2011 Lately it seemed like every day was hectic, and this one was no exception. For once, it was busy in the best possible way. In an unexpected move earlier in the day, Narcissa had finally agreed to occupational therapy. But after consent came work: arranging the bedside meeting, providing everything for Draco to run his necessary background checks on the potential therapist, and completing the mountain of paperwork needed to immediately change the course of her charge's care. Not to mention everything else she'd checked off her mental to-do list. Between Narcissa's acceptance and lunch with Scorpius, Hermione Floo called Neville about the cultivation progress and set a meeting with him to check on the plants housed in his greenhouse. Just after lunch she met with Roger, who had provided a summary of his review. And finally she spent a long time on another Floo call, but this time with Charles asking every question she could think of. "Enjoy the win," he'd said when she finally reached the end of her extensive list of questions. "You've more than earned it. Pick up the fight again tomorrow." Everything really had gone better than she could have hoped for. All that was left before she called it a night were a few final pages of her daily charts. Charting was the bane of every Healer's existence. With Narcissa in the hospital, and Hermione operating out of her rarely used office in St Mungo's, everything had to be extremely detailed and completed in a timely fashion for the review board. There was a knock at her office door. "Come in." Entirely focused on her task, she barely noticed the door open and shut, but when the visitor didn't say anything, Hermione lifted her head. Her irritated comment died on a breath at the sight of Draco. The only thing she could do was blink. Perhaps she was hallucinating. "Draco." "Granger." A puff of air escaped her. There was no denying he lookedÉ Good? Fit? Handsome? Casually dressed to perfection? All of the above? Grey that one time was one thing but a white shirt? Even with the black trousers and skinny tie to round off his look, this wasÉ different. Hermione appreciated the beauty found in colour, but there was something about monochrome scales that appealed to her simplistic nature. She felt more than a little underdressed for their rescheduled walk, and tried to tamp down the flare of irrational irritation, but he wouldn't stop looking at her. It was disheartening, if she had to admit it to herself, because she'd made an effort. Not a bad one either given the looks she'd earned that day. Perhaps she could change orÑ "My assumption was correct." "And that was?" Hermione watched his steady approach. He didn't appear judgmental as he skimmed the controlled chaos on her desk; he'd likely gotten used to the daily sight of her charting since Narcissa's admittance. His mother's stay in the hospital was a strict secret, and using public entrances and exits would have surely started rumours, so she'd kept the Floo connection in her office open to the Malfoys' home for both her and Draco to easily come and go. "That you wouldn't be ready." Oh. Hermione valued punctuality, but even she wasn't immune to tardiness. "I'm nearly finished." Returning to her task, she quickly made the final notes. The sound of her quill scratching was the only noise in the silence. Normally she would review it before sending it off, but there was no time. "Is ScorpiusÑ" "With Catherine." Draco sat in the chair on the other side of her desk in a strange role reversal. "His first counselling session went well enough." Hermione stopped writing and gave him her undivided attention. "What does that mean?" "The session was a staring contest, or so I was told." "As expected." She shrugged at Draco's perplexed expression. "What? Scorpius assesses everyone he meets and doesn't like all of them either. It's his way. And yours." Hermione gave him a meaningful look that earned her a glare. Smiling, she picked up where she'd left offÑin both her work and her opinion. "If they're good, they will know to be patient with him, draw from his interests, and allow him to set the tone. Did he eat?" "They were eating when I left." Draco paused. "Did you tell him you weren't coming to dinner?" "I didn't have to. Dinner isn't typically a meal we share. He doesn't expect me unless I specifically tell him. Did Catherine see what IÑ" "The vegetarian Shepherd's Pie? Yes." "Did heÑ" "He was enjoying it." Relief flooded Hermione; she wasn't certain how Scorpius felt about lentils, but there was a growing trend of him eating simply because she'd prepared it for him. Except for hummus. Not even pita bread could convince him to like it. Shaking her head at the fond memory of their latest attempt and the priceless faces he'd made, her smile fell when she realised Draco was watching her. He checked his watch. "It's a quarter past six." An hour before sunset. "Finished." Hermione tapped her wand to send the file off for review. When it vanished, she stood, unsure of what else to do, and Draco's eyes dipped before sliding back up to hers. But he didn't say anything, and despite her constant pursuit of learning what each of his mannerisms meant, she was still lost when it came to him more often than not. Her hackles rose as he got up and began circling the desk. Regretting the effort she'd dedicated to picking out the fitted grey dress, Hermione summoned her shoes with an irritated wave of her wand. She could still feel him watching as she changed from charmed anti-slip trainers into a pair of comfortable black flats. Not the best, but they were cute and practical. Finally giving in to her growing irritation, she huffed. "I can just go home and change andÑ" "Don't." When she turned, Draco was right behind her. Close. He rested his hands on her shoulders. Sinking into the depths of her festering aggravation, Hermione looked down; she hardly knew what to do with her hands or her eyes or the rest of her body. Should she step out of his reach? Or closer? In the end, Hermione did neither; she folded her arms and shifted from foot to foot. "Obviously you don't approveÑ" "Actually, I do." A prickle of guilt trickled over her, and Hermione's irritation evaporated like the fog when the sun came out. Awaiting her was clarity. It rose along with her chin as a flush of understanding washed over her. His measured stare wasn't one of judgment; it was awareness. Attraction. "I thought you didn'tÑ" "It's my favourite colour." As if he hadn't told her something new and surprising, he moved along, sliding his hands down her arms and leaving goosebumps in his wake. "Are you ready?" Sunset was a time for languorous admiration of colourful skies. A time for reflection and wonder. For curiosity. Awe. A time to stop and admire the beauty of nature. Hermione didn't often give herself the chance to do so, but when she did, it was always in the comfort of her conservatory. Tonight, in the arboretum Draco had chosen, there was something different about watching the sunset. Beautiful wasn't just a word with an explicit definitionÑit was a concept and state of mindÑ but no other phrase came to mind during their walk through Kew Gardens. By the time they arrived at the winding bridge, the waning sunlight was giving way to the waxing darkness in a stunning display. It stopped Hermione mid-sentence, drawing her to the rails. Just to watch. Crossing her arms and leaning against the railing, she watched the swans in the water below and spent a few moments just taking it all in. Draco slipped his arm around her lower back and splayed his hand on her side in a simple gesture that made her smile into the distance. "Did you know that the colours of the sunset result from light refracted by particles in the atmosphere?" Hermione bit her lip. "Of course, there's more to it, but I don't want to bore you with talk of light behaviour, the composition of the atmosphere, wavelengths, and scattering." The sound of nature was all she heard until his chuckle interrupted it. "Why am I not surprised you know that?" Hermione bumped his arm, but Draco didn't budge. "I thought the sunset was intriguing so I read about it in a book." "Also unsurprising." His drawl sounded both smooth and sharp. Maybe it was the humour radiating off of him or the ease of their prior conversation, but whatever it was, she laughed freely and caught the almost imperceptible upturn of his lips. Her smile faded slowly when he looked down. Over the course of the weeks since whatever this was had started, Hermione had realised Draco didn't openly smile muchÑif at all. Even when happy. If she had to guess, she would think Scorpius could bring one out of him, but she was strangely satisfied with the littlest quirk of his lips. It was both real and charming. Inhaling the fresh air, she looked around. Trees. Flowers. Birds. The warmth of the sinking sun contrasted the coolness of the breeze. The ripple of water beneath the bridge moved in time with the song of wildlife. Nature at its finest. The golden hours. Beauty in colours she would never be able to replicate, even if she had the talent for art. "Why did you pick this place?" Her question burned its way out once her eyes landed on Draco, noticing that he was looking around, too, but he lacked the sense of awe that had settled into her bones. "You like nature." Hermione should have expected that. Draco had a list, after all. "I do." She tucked her curls behind her ear. "Do you?" "Parks and arboretums serve a purpose, but I don't particularly care for man-made nature." She frowned, remembering an earlier conversation. "For the same reasons you don't like aquariums?" "Yes." Nature belonged to nature alone. No one else. He wasn't wrong in feeling that way. "Next time, take me somewhere you like." "Noted." Both his look and the rumble in his voice shifted something inside of her. "Outside of Quidditch, whisky, and brewing, what do you enjoy?" Draco glanced over her head but said nothing for a long moment. He was stalling. "I haven't had much time to figure it out." His answer was honest, albeit sad; Hermione turned back to the sunset. "I do enjoy creating," Draco confessed quietly. "Giving something mundane a new purpose is its own magic." "Like the rings?" He nodded. "I've already created something for Scorpius." "Really? When do you plan to give it to him?" "He has it." Now Hermione was even more confused. It wasn't jewellery. He didn't wear any nor did he carry anythingÉ A thought struck her. "Oh, that's clever." She ignored the smug expression on his face. "Your notes. He carries several of them at a time. Let me guess, a tracking charm on the parchment?" "Yes." It reminded Hermione of her conversation last week. "I have a bit of an odd request. Do you think you could create something else for your mother? An anti-Apparition ring?" "The magic to create something like that isÉ complex but not impossible. It's worth a trip to the library." Amusement crossed his features in the form of an eye roll when she visibly perked at the prospect. "I'm surprised I hadn't thought of it. Where did you get the idea?" "Roger Davies, of all people. I'm shocked I hadn't thought of it either. Sometimes an outside perspective helps." He made a small hmm in agreement. The silence that returned was short; another question was already forming when he drew her body into the curve of his and she naturally slipped one arm around his back. It was easy. Like a breath. Like a heartbeat. Unconscious, but raw and precarious. "Draco, do you ever wonder why in moments like this?" "Why what?" "Why this feels the way it does." Hermione swallowed thickly. "You and I." Being with him now was alarmingly easy in a way that hadn't existed before. At least not to her. Recalling their earliest friction-filled debates not only embarrassed her for the way she'd misread Draco, but it also made the fact that they were now enjoying each other's company mind-boggling. Exactly when the tension had shifted from one sort to another was hard to say and even harder to remember. "Not too long ago we wereÉ" Hermione trailed off, swallowing the word nothing despite it being the truth. "And now we're here. It's mystifying and overwhelming whenever I think of it and you." She took a deep breath. "I'll admit I'm struggling with all of this. While you seem unbothered, all I do is wonderÉ why?" The ensuing silence seemed as endless as the expanse of the sky. "I'm not a romantic man, Granger." Draco's words and tone were like him: levelled and controlled, but only to a degree. "Nor am I experienced with giving lip service, just as I don't believe you're the sort who needs it." Hermione opened her mouth to speak, but closed it quickly. "If you want a timeline of the sequence of events or a list of moments that brought us here, I don't have it. Just like I don't have an answer to your last question. We justÉ are." She looked at Draco only to find him observing her. "If you can't see why, I can't explain it to you." "I feelÉ out of control." Hermione was uncomfortable with her own honesty. "How you don't feel the same way I do baffles me." "I never said I didn't." There was little control in Hermione's next actionÑonly instinct. She brought her other arm around to join the one already on his back and threaded her fingers together. Draco didn't run or look away. Stoic. Hard to read. But perhaps Draco's wall was up as proof of his comment: he felt out of control. Which made sense. These were uncharted waters for him as well. Uncomfortable and nameless. New and fragile. This thing between them was in its infancy, still learning how to exist. But neither of them was in a place for a relationshipÑcertainly not one threatening to go full steam ahead. Yet here he was, leading the way while letting her set the pace, giving her time to think, sort, consider, and decide. It should have been comforting, but it wasn't. The issue became clear when Draco framed her face with his hands. Searching for only a moment, he captured her mouth in a kiss that was anything but impulsive. Its true meaning was muddled by the roaring in her mind, the fluttering in her stomach, and the curling of her toes. Just as Hermione stepped into it, searching for more, Draco pulled away, turning his head to the sunset after a quick glance at his watch. Her eyes lingered on him. Yes, this was new, but she couldn't deny that it was quickly solidifying into something real. Hermione didn't know how to feel about it. "Dinner?" The question was so abrupt it scattered her thoughts, leaving her mind devoid of argument. "Okay." Dinner was both casual and upscale. The restaurant was intimate, the colours deep and bold, but the energy was warm. Obviously Draco had dined there before because they recognised him on sight and led them to a private room so quickly Hermione barely had a chance to process the fact that Draco liked Indian food until they were sitting across from each other in the dim room. Hermione blinked at their surroundings. Then at him. It felt silly to be the only two seated around an enormous table. It felt like eating alone. "Push over, will you?" Draco did so, but only after giving her a quizzical look which evened when she grabbed her wine glass and slid into the booth next to him. "Do we get a menu?" "The tasting menu has been pre-arranged." Hermione latched on hard to the last word, head tilting and mind off to the races. Her mouth opened and shut multiple times with growing awareness. His attire. Draco noting the time in her office. The walk and the several glances at his watch. A dinner suggestion following a distracting kiss and the restaurant that probably didn't accept anything except reservations. Pre-arranged mealÉ "You tricked me into a date." "I did." Draco smirked. "Problem?" The first course arrived before she could answer or argueÑwhich she intended to do, Hermione hadn't decided. Pappadums, shrimp sorpotel, and lemon raita paired with a pleasant rosŽ. It was divine. Each subsequent course was better than the previous, something Hermione thought impossible. By dinner's conclusion, she had no opposition as to how he'd gotten them there. It was nice seeing Draco openly enjoy something as simple as a meal. She spent too much time cataloguing his expressions for referenceÑfuture and past. Conversation hadn't been abundant, but he did explain the reason for selecting each dish and she left knowing something else about Draco Malfoy. He was a complete food snob. It might have bothered Hermione had she not realised how often he ate and enjoyed her cooking. Following dinner, they strolled hand in hand until they reached a safe place for Draco to Apparate them to their final destination: her living room. He wasted no time in kissing her again, but it was short-lived. Nothing more than a quick catch of lips. A parting gesture. "Pick the next date," Draco said against her lips. The word now had a new meaning. "Um. Pansy's birthday party is next Saturday." It had been postponed after Narcissa's incident. "We can go together. Unofficially, of course." "Of course." He brought her hand to his lips and pressed a kiss against her knuckles. "Good night." "I have a little work to do." As if on cue, Hermione yawned. "Or not. I should go to bed. Long day tomorrow." "Oh?" "Dinner with my parents." Hermione was actively trying to avoid thinking about it. "Also, before I forget, I'm going to Kingsley's on Saturday and you shouldÉ come with me." A hint of unease was all she saw, but it simmered to something thoughtful. "I'll consider it." Source: Jaxxinthebox August 25, 2011 Problems pressed into shapes, clenching and unclenching the worst case scenarios, a constant construction of a spiralling tower of circular blocks in her mind. That was how Hermione's compartmentalisation worked. Currently, there were six blocks surrounding the dinner with her parents, mainly because it was imminent. Five for her potions related stress: the adjustments and calculations had already undergone multiple reviews. Four for the anticipation of the plant cultivation attemptsÑNeville had been vague during their call and patience was hard to come by with so much on the line. Three for the restoration movement that was beginning to occupy more of her thoughts; both the interpretation project and her impending talk with Kingsley weighed heavily on her mind. Two for Narcissa, who met with the Occupational Therapist that morning, which hadn't gone badly because the wizard was as tough as Hermione was. And one for the impending full moon and the uptick in conversations about safety at the hospitalÑtheir staff meeting today had been dire at best. At this point, the tower of blocks was taller than her. Not multiplyingÑexpanding. Each night her thoughts raced with all she had to juggle. The blocks completed entire revolutions in her mind. She was able to relax when Draco and Scorpius served as a distraction, able to put the stress in a box while preparing the fall harvest and looking ahead to winter, but outside of that, avoidance was impossible. It was no surprise that Hermione still held those blocks while sitting in her regular chair in her father's painting room. Miles Davis played in the background. Change was in the air when her dad stepped aside. "Come here, Hermione." Puzzled, she unfolded her legs. Arguments were forming in mind, and excuses sat at the tip of her tongue, but Hermione did as requested, joining her dad at the blank canvas. What did he want her to see? She expected him to say something wise like a blank canvas is the playground for the imagination, but he only handed her a brush and gestured to the paint. He wanted her to paint. The offer was a first, and Hermione couldn't hold back the swell of emotion, but she raised both hands. "Oh, no. I can't paint whatsoever. That'sÑ" "Give it a chance." Her dad gently nudged her. "It helps sort whatever is on your mind. It's clear something is weighing on you. Maybe more than one something." "Is it that obvious?" "You've sighed twenty times. I counted." Hermione smiled, cheeks warmed with embarrassment. Her dad returned the expression, only his was wider. "Draw whatever you want." She couldn't help but look at him instead of the canvas. "Painting is more than lessons or technique or entertainment." The corners of his eyes wrinkled as he urged her to step closer. "It's a way to communicate with yourself. You don't have to be talented to do that." "Is that why you paint?" "I find that painting is a valuable form of self-expression when words don't seem to fit." Hermione considered his words, then turned to the canvas. She meant it when she said she didn't have talent, but she did have plenty of thoughts stuck in her mind. So, she drew what she could. The circular blocks. All of them. Outlined in black paint, the problems she'd been stacking spilled onto the canvas. No order. All uniform, even if the circles weren't perfect. Then she filled them with colours: red for Narcissa, blue for the plants, yellow for the moon, green for the potion, purple for the restoration. But when she finished painting, she noticed a few she hadn't filled in. Problems she didn't actively think about, but were still present nonetheless. Lingering worries that hadn't been assuaged. Like her mother, who had hardly greeted her today. Hermione painted her block brown. The touch of concern about Ron's reaction to her and Draco turned orange. She chuckled at her choice of colour. But there was another one Hermione had no colour left for. The last unfilled shape in the centre. A block. Draco Malfoy. All the things she tried not to think about. The moments that built over time and intensity. Their conversations and hours spent together. The touches and kisses. The strengthening connection and the many ways silence had evolved between them. It wasÉ concerning, yet she seemed to forget about that entirely in his presence. And so, there was nothing to do with the block but mix black and white together to make grey. Grey like his eyes. Grey like his mood. The colour was an agreement between white and black, an in between place where both the presence and absence of colour could coexist. With the canvas now complete, Hermione stood back and watched as her dad joined her, resting a hand on her shoulder. The familiar touch spoke of solidarity and comfort. She'd missed this. "What is it?" Her dad didn't bother to hide his confusion. "My problems." "Why are there so many? It's an awful lot to look at." Hermione opened then shut her mouth, not knowing how to comment on his observation. The canvas was a complicated kaleidoscope of circles surrounding a grey focal point. While she'd noticed the arrangement, Hermione had been too busy ordering her problems equally and focusing on the colour combinations to worry about classification. Upon further reflection, she searched for meaning in her choices and found none. Draco really wasn't a problem, just an issue. The two words were different, but the unavoidable conflict remained. With her heart poised on one side and her head on the other, both ready for a battle, Hermione was sure of only one thing: she would emerge from it all as a different person. She was trying to negotiate with herself to slow things down, but rationality couldn't stop the ever-growing awareness and chemistryÉ The ease in which her attraction was beginning to shift from surface to something deeper was unsettling. It left Hermione focused too hard on the grey block at the centre; a square contrasting the vibrant circles around it. Grey standing out amongst the colours. No rhyme or reason. No metaphors or deeper meaning. "Why is the grey one in the centre?" Hermione didn't even need to think about it. "He justÉ is." "He?" "The block, I mean." She cleared her throat. "The block is." Keenly aware of just how close her dad was watching her, Hermione tried not to fidget. Tried and failed. "The block is a person and he's at the centre of your canvas?" "It's not like that." Hermione waved him off, handing him back the paintbrush once she finished cleaning it in the water and drying it on the cloth he kept nearby. "But he is on your canvas soÉ is he a problem?" "I wouldn't call him a problem, per se." "If there's no solution, it's not considered a problem." Hermione carried her father's words back to the chair, where she sat in contemplation while her dad placed her canvas on a spare easel. She couldn't help but stare at her work. To qualify Draco as a problem, there had to be a solution. What was it? Or better yet, what was her actual problem? Hermione knew the root of the others, but not him. That, in and of itself, was a problem. Which meantÑ And that was the extent she allowed herself to think about it. Or him. Any further was dangerous territory. But as she brushed against the line she'd drawn in her subconscious, Hermione could deem her attraction as a non-factor. Not the physical one, at least. That was on the surface. Her problems were deeper. Each day drew her to him, seeking and searching for more. More of his thoughts and opinions and preferences, more of his reactions and touches. More of the pieces that made him Draco. Feelings were senseless, based on illogical and intangible things, and that wasn't how Hermione operated. But that didn't stop her from thinking about him at the most inopportune moments. Now, for instance. Hermione resurfaced from the valley of thoughts, only to find her father staring at her. "What is it?" "Dinner's ready." Dread stacked inside her stomach like stones, but Hermione pushed through the feeling in the spirit of repairing their relationship. Just because she and her mother didn't agree didn't mean she didn't want to spend this time with her. She followed her father downstairs to find her mother waiting at her place at the table. The plates were already made and the wine was poured. "Everything looks great." Hermione sat down and swore not to pick out her mother's missing ingredientÑa reminder to herself that she was trying. But her mother was not. She looked right at her dad, who was already frowning at her attitude. "Enjoy." And she started eating. Dinner was so quiet Hermione almost braved a conversation about their latest holiday just to have something to fill the void. But she didn't. Her dad wasn't a conversationalist, yet even he tried a few times, sneaking apologetic looks across the table with each failure. Her mother aggressively cut her pork chop into bite-sized pieces. The meat was dry, but Hermione ate everything, finished her wine, and didn't ask about dessert. She doubted there would be any. Her father cleared the table while her mother poured a third glass of wine. "How are you, Mum?" The question earned her a look of acknowledgement and nothing more. Hermione sighed. "I know things haven't been great between us lately, butÑ" The words died with her mother's abrupt chuckle. "Forgive me, I'm just your mother who doesn't know what's best for you." Hermione tensed. "I'm trying to fix this so we can move forward." "Try harder." "I don't know what you want from me." It came out in a rush, but she pushed down her instant defence. "Do you want me to apologise? I can't honestly say that I'm sorry." "Of course you aren'tÑ" "But I'm here and I'm trying. I've always been here trying to fix and repair and mend, but you won't take one step forward to meet me anywhere. I always have to come to you." Hermione clenched her jaw and took a sip of her own wine. "I am always willing to try and I don't ever complain, butÑ" "It sounds like you're complaining now." Hermione's mouth fell open and she tapped her foot in agitation to hold herself at bay. To keep control of the conversation. "As I explained before, RonÑ" "It's not about Ron. This is about you." No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't hold back the knot of emotions lodged in her throat. "Yes, let me see if I remember." Hermione patted down her hair with a shaking hand. "Everything is my fault and has been my fault since I erased your memories. Is that what you want to say?" Her mother said nothing, which told her everything. "Right. Okay." Hermione blinked several times and took a deep breath before standing. Not only did she not have the energy for this fight, she lacked the control, too. She was upset enough to say all the wrong words, which would only worsen things. She refused to allow her mother to push her patience again. "I'll see you next time." She started to leave just as her dad returned to the room with a pie in his hand. "Where are you going? We're about toÑ" "I-I'm sorry." Hermione was horribly warm and sick to her stomach. "Maybe we can try again next month." "Or perhapsÉ" Her mother trailed off, voice chilled. "We should skip September's dinner. We'll be in Portugal the day after anyway." Hermione pretended not to process that she wanted to skip the dinner that always wound up being the week of her birthday. She pretended it didn't hurt. Her father looked positively infuriated as he set the pie on the table. "I'm sick of this." His tone was uncharacteristic and her mother looked startled. "What are you upset about? Because it's notÑ" "Dad, it's fine." Hermione squeezed the ends of her cardigan and addressed the back of her mother's head. "If you want to skip September, that's fine with me, Mum. We can skip them all." Turning to leave, she ignored the ensuing argument that quickly rose in volume. She covered her ears when her father began calling after her and walked faster, only releasing them to yank open the front door. Her dad caught her at the steps. "Hermione!" "IÑ" "I'm sorry this happened." His apology was almost breathless. "I was trying to make things better. I-I don't want you to leave. Stay. Please. Don't leave like this." "I'm sorry, too." Tears welled in her eyes. "But I can't stay like this either." No more words were exchanged, just an understanding nod from him and a hug that lasted long enough for Hermione to hold on tighter. Breathing him in, she tried to find comfort in the same arms she'd sought refuge in as a child. But there was no peace. It hurt more than the argument she'd had with her mother, but Hermione didn't let go. Not instantly. Desperate to search a little longer for that connection. It would be a while before she would see them again. The sad, pessimistic part of her mind wondered if this would be the last. She didn't know. Didn't allow herself to think about it. Packed it away. When her dad tried to speak further apologies, Hermione stepped back, welcoming the numbness that always followed pain. "I'm fine." Her voice sounded hollow to her own ears. "I'll ring tomorrow." "HermioneÉ" "It's fine. Deep down, I expected this." She let herself out the gate and shut it behind her while her dad remained right where he stood until he was nothing more than a blur. Hermione usually picked a private spot to Apparate, but today she just walked. As far and as fast as her feet carried her. Down the pavement of the same neighbourhood she'd grown up in. Past the homes of people she hadn't seen in years. It wasn't dark yet, and as she passed each one, Hermione felt a morsel of nostalgia settling in her chest. Not for a time lost, but perhaps for a time she had never found again. Hermione walked until her anger became sadness, until her sadness became grief. Walked until the washed out brick of each house in an unfamiliar neighbourhood made her head swim with the realisation that she was lost. Walked until the once clear skies above her were crowded with clouds and the wind picked upÑa sign of a storm on a night it wasn't even supposed to rain. She bowed over, braced her hands against her knees, and panted. Her muscles screamed with the strain of anxiety and her heart beat rapidly to suppress the ache. Hermione had no idea how far she'd gone, but everything hurt. She was hurt. Righting herself, Hermione took each unsteady step as she stumbled behind what appeared to be an empty home. Rubbish bins lined the walls like toy soldiers, stuffed to the brim. She took out her wand and Apparated to the first place she could think of. Home. Restless and emotional, Hermione paced the length of her living room. She didn't want to be there, but had no idea where else to go. Harry and Ginny's? No. Pansy's? Theo's? No. No after no piled up, and before she could stop herself, Hermione stepped into her Floo and called out the name of a place that rolled right off her tongue. Draco's Ministry office was not empty. There were at least ten people crowded in the room, all familiar faces from the restoration meeting. Percy sat in the lone spare chair with his legs crossed, but he appeared uncharacteristically agitated. Harry was there, too, standing over Draco's shoulder with his arms folded. She'd walked into a battle. Percy, Harry, and Draco were severely outmatched. But everyone stopped when they noticed her arrival. The shift of focus to her made Hermione step back rather than forward. She hadn't come to fight. Honestly, she had none left in her. It made her hands shake harder as she violently stuffed her feelings away, hoping her face was the necessary mask of composure. "Apologies for the intrusion." "Actually," Wingston, the Head of the Department of Mysteries spoke up, voice grating her nerves like nails. "You're just the person we wanted to speak to." Hermione didn't like his tone. "About?" "Whether Kingsley will join the restoration." The Head of Magical Artefacts folded her arms. "You told us in July that you would speak to him." "IÑ" She cleared her throat, shifting her weight from one tired leg to the other, trying to control the tremors in her hands while preparing to address those who were waiting. Hermione caught the look on Percy's face from the corner of her eye, offering him a subtle shake of her head. She could handle this. "I haven't spoken to him yet, but plan to meet with him on Saturday." "What's taken you so long?" Hermione didn't see who had asked, but Draco and Harry were glaring daggers at them. An odd form of solidarity. "I would like everyone to maintain a respectful tone." Ever the diplomat, Percy called for peace instead of violence. "Hermione has volunteered her time, she does not owe anyone answers. This is not an inquiry. This is a meeting." "As you very well know, Mr Weasley, Kingsley is aÑ" "Oi!" Harry looked incredibly irritated, but DracoÉ Draco was now looking at her suspiciously. And she knew why. Hermione's arrival was unplanned and she likely looked as rough as she feltÑat least to the sharp eye. Someone who knew where she was supposed to be. "I think it's perfectly acceptable for us to ask questions about Miss Granger's activities since the last meeting, Mr Potter." The Head Ministry Librarian sounded reasonable, but her eyes could cut diamonds. "ActuallyÑ" "No, Harry, I can speak for myself." Hermione stepped fully out of the Floo, hands fisted at her sides. "What have I been doing?" Harry and Percy exchanged looks followed by twin shrugs. "Nice of you to ask so kindly." It wasn't fair to take her bad evening out on anyone, but Hermione never did well when backed into a metaphorical wall. "I have been focused on other tasks and have duties and responsibilities outside of the restoration. I have a career that is time consuming and requires a lot of effort. I refuse to apologise for doing my job." Someone cleared their throat; her glare dared anyone to speak. "Furthermore, I have been set with the task of overseeing Draco Malfoy's translations, as well as interpretation in a field I am familiar with but don't actually work in. To date, we have completed five of the eight books and have submitted eighteen laws for Percy's team to review. This all takes time and considering where we are now from where we were in June, we have made measurable progress." Hermione unclenched her hands. "I have given this effort much of my time because this is something I wholeheartedly believe in, but you all make it difficult. The only people in this room who are allowed to critique how I spend my time are myself and anyone who can detail what their actual role is in this effort. If you aren't willing to help, then kindlyÑ" "Our roles may not be as open as yours, Miss Granger," Wingston said, slick as oil, "but I assure youÑ" "That you think this a discussion is frankly appalling," Hermione snapped. "Perhaps we should calm down." Everyone turned their attention to the tallest wizarding standing, The Head of Games and Sports. He combed his hand over his red hair. "I just think Ñ" "We appreciate your efforts, Miss Granger." The Head Ministry Librarian tried to sound pleasant, but everything about her was fake. "But it is imperative at this point that we find a nominee to run for the office of Minister. They might be protecting you from the happenings at the Ministry, but things are dire and we needÑ" "That's enough." Draco's voice sent a shock reverberating through the room. "Everyone. Out." "I don'tÑ" "I despise repeating myself." He sounded as though he was prepared to throw them all out with magicÑor even by hand. The office cleared quickly, all except Harry and Percy, who remained where they were after the door shut behind the last person. Draco stood, eyeing the last two before adjusting the sleeve of his shirt. "The same request applies to you both." At least he sounded more polite that time. Slightly. Percy looked between them, but left with a slightly bemused expression. Harry followed, eyes narrowed. He would turn up at her house with his suspicions in tow in a few days. Maybe less. Hermione would have to be ready then, but for now, when the door shut, she sagged with relief. Her stomach rolled and her vision swam. By the time she righted herself, Draco was there, jaw clenched. "Sorry forÑ" "The dinner?" Nodding, she stared at her feet while breathing in through her nose and out through her mouth. A cord of tension was pulled so taut it was sure to break. And then what? Would she drown in the maelstrom of emotions she'd kept swallowing back since hugging her dad? Likely. Would sheÑ The thread snapped without her consent. Hermione hated crying in front of someone who might judge her for her tears. Hated that vulnerable feeling associated with the act. But it didn't matter. She could pinch herself until she bruised to stop it, compartmentalise it all and pack it away until she found a moment of privacy, but nothing could stop the tsunami. It was relentless, the pain unbridled, the memory repeating. Hermione could hear herself gasp for air. It all blew her off balance until she could do nothing except give in, rest her forehead on his chest, and try to breathe. She brought her arms around Draco, holding tighter than she wanted. His palm cradled the back of her head. "Zippy!" Hermione opened her eyes as the little elf appeared. "Yes, sir?" "Please prepare the guest room for Miss Granger and make her a cup of lavender tea. Let it steep for five minutes and add a teaspoon of honey." "Oh." Hermione pulled away, wiping her eyes. "That won't beÑ" Draco gave her a hard look. Pleased with the task, Zippy eagerly left with a snap of his fingers. "You really don't have to do that." She scrubbed both hands down her face. "I'm fine. I'm just Ñ" "Fine?" No. Not really. Hermione was not fine. Draco didn't say a word beyond calling out their destination until after she was seated on the sofa in his home office with the cup of tea Zippy had prepared cradled in both hands. He stepped out for a moment to peek in on Scorpius as he slept and exhaustion overwhelmed her. The next time she opened her eyes, she knew it was late. Despite the blanket, she felt chilled. Sitting up and rubbing her aching head, she immediately spotted Draco on the other end of the sofa. Curled on his side, he bent his long legs to not disturb her. It would have been much easier to drag herself upstairs to the guest room, or even home, and Hermione started to do just that, but once on her feet, weariness struck again and she shook him gently. Draco opened his eyes slowly, stretching his legs when he saw her. "This is presumptuous of me, butÑ" He lifted his blanket and Hermione hesitated every step of the way until she was lying next to him. Cocooned in warmth, she drifted off to sleep in seconds. Source: Jaxxinthebox August 27, 2011 A treaty was reached without words or pretence. Draco merely turned up Saturday morning. While Hermione was packing the last of her fresh fruit into a basket for Kingsley, he made tea and didn't stop scowling until after his second cup. Last night must have been a long one for him. Not that she had been around to confirm as much. Hermione hadn't really seen him since waking in his arms the day before. A strange experience of tangled limbs in a small space. She'd been at a loss for what to say until he told her to stop thinking so hard. It was easier to keep silent than put her appreciation into words when there were none that fit. Two days had passed but Hermione remained raw from the dinner with her parents. In no mood to take this meeting, she was grateful for the company. When they made the long walk to Kingsley's door, she was even more appreciative of Draco's hand on her back and his steady presence. He was oddly still. Possibly nervous. It was hard to tell; his face was a blank slate. If Kingsley was surprised to see them both, he didn't show it, just greeted them with one of his mysterious looks before accepting Hermione's extended basket of fruits and vegetables. "Happy to see you, as always, Hermione." She stepped through the doorway, after giving him a smile, then looked back to the two men still observing each other. "Draco Malfoy." The lack of malice in Kingsley's tone loosened something in his stance. "Sir." Still, caution laced the single word. Something expected. Kingsley slowly extended his hand. "Welcome to my home." Draco shook it, and something she associated with relief flashed across his features. Hermione exhaled the breath she didn't know she was holding. It was a good start. They sat outside in the warming sun as it rose in the mid-morning sky and the last bit of dew on the grass evaporated. It was going to be another lovely day, and the bees were busy making the most of itÑthe buzzing was louder than it had been during her previous visit. He had a jar of honey waiting for Hermione that she tucked it into her bag, quietly excited to share it with Scorpius. Kingsley surprised her when he returned with a second jar for Draco, who expressed his appreciation with a stiff nod before handing the jar to her to place in her bag. The silence combined with the last crisp of morning air tried to lull her into a false sense of security, but Hermione waited, sneaking glances at Draco as he observed the land around them. Kingsley's home was more remote than hers. He liked it that way. "I know why you're here, Hermione." Kingsley paused for a moment. "You're here to convince me to step out of the shadows and run for Minister." "I am." There was no sense in lying. "I've been expecting this." His eyes returned to the bees. "However, I'll confess I'm surprised to see you today, Mr Malfoy." Draco stiffened momentarily before relaxing into the picture of perfect ease. "Surprised I'm part of the solution and not the problem?" Draco's face was as closed off as his tone. "My involvement in the restoration is selfish at best." Something Hermione had heard him say more than once. "Is it?" Kingsley gave him a probing look. "I find that there is a very thin, subtle line between selfish and selfless. Easy to lose which side you're actually on." "I assure you, I know where my loyalty lies." Kingsley rose to his feet, venturing to the very edge of the landing and looking out at the bees. Draco's eyes took to the greenery while hers remained firmly on Kingsley. He looked regal, even in purple beekeeping robes. A thoughtful man. He gestured for them both to join him, one on each side. "Do you know why I turned down Percy's initial request?" "I don't." Hermione realised they'd never spoken about it. "There's something exhausting about power that I didn't understand until I retired." "I agree." Hermione placed her hands on the railing. "There are leaders and then there are those who lead. The former hold authority while the latter inspire us. I believe you can be both. In fact, I'm confident you can because you already do." "It is not a position I ever wanted." "Because you're a good man. If you weren't, you would be all too eager to step up and run for Minister." She caught Draco looking at her. He was listening. "You don't approach leadership as something good or enjoyable, but as something necessary. I think the greatest disservice is to be under the thumb of someone who enjoys power. When there's no consistent public accountability, they have no qualms about putting their interest over the public's. We've lived this for the last thirteenÑ" "You're afraid," Draco said in quiet disbelief. "You are correct, but my fear isn't a weakness," Kingsley explained. "It's energy. A reality, and more than that, it's strength." "I don't believe that." "I don't expect that you would, having lived in fear at various points in your life." There was a polished bluntness to his tone that Draco, surprisingly, didn't appear to take offence to. "Your fear response is a primal survival mechanism. When you think of it as a negative, it leads you to make decisions that negatively impact your life. Makes you reactive instead of proactive." Draco tensed. "But if you think of fear as a form of energy, you understand how it can be suppressed, expressed, or transformed." She looked over at Draco, but he was locked in the discussion. "Do you fear power or do you fear being corrupted by it?" "Absolute power corrupts absolutely." Kingsley's words were familiar. Draco had said them to her months ago. A bit too pessimistic for her tastes, Hermione took a different route. "But isn't the measure of a man what he does with power?" Hermione stood straighter, despite being much shorter than either man. "There are few people I trust, but I know you would uphold the power given to you. I know that you would be firm but fair, you would respect those who follow you, and care for people just as you care for your bees." Kingsley said nothing for several minutes before looking over at Draco. "You have said little, Mr Malfoy." "I play to my strengths." Kingsley chuckled at his honest answer. "Smart man." "My role today isn't to convince you." "What is your purpose then?" Hermione was flummoxed when they both fell silent after an exchange of looks she couldn't decipher. "Very well then." Kingsley looked amused. "Have you ever considered politics?" "Between my unwillingness and lack of desire, no." Draco folded his arms. "I highly doubt people would appoint an ex-Death Eater to any sort of political office." "That's not who you are." "No, it's not, but you don't know who I am." "I know exactly who you've become." Kingsley gave Draco one of his mysterious looks. "You and I are cut from the same cloth, Mr Malfoy." "I sincerely doubt that." "Ah, but we are human, are we not?" Kingsley's dark eyes never moved. "Flawed, imperfect, and finite beings. I have always been curious about how you would turn out." "I'm still working out the last of your three for myself." Atonement. "Hmm." Kingsley placed a hand on Draco's shoulder. "And yet you stand before me a better man." Draco looked down. "Hermione, could you help me with the bees? You know where the suits are." She did, leaving the two to speak alone. Not long later, she and Kingsley were walking away from Draco. He remained at the railing, staring out into the distance as the breeze lightly tousled his hair. He was lost in his thoughts, and had been when she'd returned from changing and pressed a quick hand to his back before following Kingsley. She couldn't help but think of his dislike for man-made nature and wondered if he enjoyed it out here in this space untouched by people. Kingsley was watching her. "You've grown." Hermione smiled. "In some ways." "Growth means discomfort and stress. It can even be painful sometimes. You appear to be all of those things." He wasn't wrong, but she kept quiet. "It doesn't necessarily mean suffering, but I believe in order to grow you need to give up something. You don't appreciate anything without struggle." Hermione absorbed his words, applying them to her own situation. Each of them. "I had every reason prepared to tell you no today." Her heart stuttered in time with her missed step. "But?" "I didn't quit because I was jaded and disgruntled by the things happening in the Ministry. I quit because I lost hope. I saw a world that was changing in all the wrong ways and I didn't believe I could make a difference. I didn't see the point in fighting." Life was so hard when one had to fight for every scrap. It was understandable. "You have reminded me that learning is not linear and some lessons have to be learned more than once. The bees, and even Mr Malfoy, remind me that hope and change begin in very small ways. " Hermione thought about his comment while they checked each hive. "Are you sure this is what you want?" "It is, and you?" Kingsley gave her a look. "What would you like to see from this?" "The end of corruption. Protection of the people." There was no hesitation in Hermione's answer. "Freedom. Peace." "Is that all you want?" "Yes." "What about something for yourself?" "I don't have anything I want, per se." Hermione bit her bottom lip. "But if I had to make one requestÉ" "What is it?" "Could you find time to put out the fire at Malfoy Manor?" For him. It had been burning for far too long. Hermione impulsively called for a Girls' Night when she left Draco and returned home following a post-dinner glass of wine and a bedtime story for Scorpius. She went to change, and upon her return, part-time barmaid Ginny already had a drink waiting for her next to where Padma sat at the island sipping her own. "You're both early for an impromptu gathering." "I figured you might need company since you actually called." Ginny dipped below the island and pulled out another bottle of wine followed by a bottle of Firewhisky. "Harry's doing parent duties since he'll be leaving the day after Pansy's party." Draco had brought up the trip earlier when he'd mentioned creating a two-way journal for him to communicate with Scorpius in his absence. "And you?" Hermione turned to the other witch. "I'm here for the drinks." Padma lifted her glass. "Wedding planning." It sounded like a curse. Her friends exchanged a look before the redhead braved the question. "How was dinner with your parents?" Instead of answering, Hermione picked up her drink and downed it in one go, not thinking about the wine from earlier that had left her stomach pleasantly warm. Ginny's drink was spicy, more vodka than juice and ice. Ginny and Padma gave her worried looks and she politely ignored them. Tonight was going to hurt, but she needed to feel the burn in her chest to temper the pain of her mother's words that she'd been ignoring since. "My mother is still angry and wants to skip dinner next month." "But isn't thatÑ" Padma stopped herself as her eyes grew wide. "Yes." Hermione peered into her empty glass. "I told her to cancel them all." Awkward silence filled the room like smoke and they all knew the source of the flames. "Do you want a hug or another drink?" Ginny's question was valid. "Other options include both and neither." "Two more drinks then maybe I'll be in a hugging mood." "Or I could make you a stronger one." Padma grinned mischievously. Strong for Ginny ended up being a glass of vodka with a splash of juice so minimal it barely changed the colour. Hermione drank it anyway. By the time others arrived and everything was in full-gear, her mood was in stasis; the pain was numbed and her thoughts were wild and free. She sat on the sofa, comfortably leaning on Padma as they watched Parvati and Cho dance to the music on the Wireless while trying not to spill their drinks. Ginny was already making another batch. As soon as Pansy stepped out of the Floo, Hermione knew something was off, but her connection between rationale and observation had left for the evening and wouldn't return until the following morning. After greeting Parvati with an air kiss and giving Cho a bland look, Pansy drank two of Ginny's prepared concoctions, one right after the other, and brought the third to the sofa. She sat next to Hermione and looked every bit like a person who was stewing in their thoughts. "Something is definitely wrong with you." Hermione heard the slur in her own voice and giggled. Pansy lifted an eyebrow in forced amusement. Hermione poked Padma in the side. "Observe her for me." "I don't think I can observe anyone like you do." Padma started to giggle until she looked at Pansy and the smile slid off her face. "But there is something wrong with you." And then she made the same decision Hermione might have had she not been tipsy. "Parvati! Kill the music! We need to have a chat." "Pointless." Pansy's tone almost sobered Hermione up. Almost. She hiccupped. "But Susan's not here yet and I like this song," Parvati whinged. "Where is she?" "Finishing up paperwork most likely. She should be here soon." Padma waved Ginny over. "In the meantime, we should get started." Ginny expertly read the room and left the drinks she'd made in favour of grabbing the bottle and floating shot glasses to each with a wave of her wand. Everyone caught their own, except Hermione, who smiled brightly as she accepted hers from Padma. "Are you already pissed?" Pansy asked in amazement. "How?" "I'm not pissed, I'm tipsy, thank you very much." Hermione's wide smile made Pansy shake her head. "I had wine after dinner, followed by two drinks when Ginny got here, then an entire glass of vodka." "It had some juice in it." "A splash!" Hermione's laugh was unnaturally loud. "Semantics." Ginny shrugged before pouring everyone a shot of FirewhiskyÑhalf a shot for Hermione, who complained with a grimace. "You've already mixed enough tonight." Fair, but she didn't have to like it. Hermione tossed back her half shot with everyone else and cringed. Yes, that was the end of her drinking adventure for the night. Parvati and Cho arranged themselves on the two-seater with Ginny taking a seat on her table. Susan, when she arrived not a minute later, summoned the drinks still left on the island and glared hard at Hermione. "You!" "Me!" Hermione held up both hands. Or thought she did. But she was confused. "Wait. Me?" "It's all your fault!" "What?" Now she was completely lost. "You're going to need to be very direct with Hermione." Padma patted her leg like one would a small child and whispered loudly, "She's out of it." "Oi!" "See what I mean?" The witch thumbed in her direction and grinned cheerfully. "We're drinking our problems away, join us!" "Right." Susan glared at her. "Well, when you get sober, you'll need to tell me why in the bloody fuck Draco Malfoy is coming to my office Monday." After running a hand through her dark hair, Susan only scowled harder. "I saw his name on my scheduler for a consultation and nearly shat myself." Parvati's face twisted. "How is that Hermione'sÑ" "On his sheet, he said she referred him to me!" After a series of false starts, it all clicked into place. "Oh. Oh. I did," Hermione said proudly. "For his shoulder injury." "He's got a what injury?" Parvati squawked. "How did I notÑ" "Not many people know about it, sooooÉ" "Shut up about it," Pansy interjected before turning to Hermione. "How the fuck did you get him to deal with it? He's been ignoring it for ages." "I, umÉ" Hermione blinked several times, drawing a blank. "I poked him?" "I feel like there's a story there." Ginny tilted her head. "A good one." Parvati looked too excited, her grin was bordering on hysterical. "There's definitely a story there." Hermione did what she was best at: diversion. "Pansy, we stopped the music for you. Why are you drinking so hard?" "Why are you already pissed?" Pansy volleyed back. With nowhere to pivot, Hermione sighed and divulged the entire dinner debacle, leaving out where she'd sought refuge in the aftermath. That wasn't anyone's business anyway and would open a can of worms so large she'd never be able to shut it. When she finished, they all drank in solidarity. Hermione waited until Pansy finished her shots. "And now it's your turn." "Yes, sharing is caring." Ginny folded her legs. "IÑ" "I broke up with Percy." Everything stopped, partly for the news and partly because it was the first time she'd referred to him by his first name. Pansy chugged the rest of her actual drink before looking around, only then noticing that everyone was staring at her. "What?" "What happened?" Cho asked sympathetically. Pansy just glared at her then blinked slowly before gesturing for Ginny to hand her the bottle of Firewhisky. And she did; the expression on Pansy's face didn't look like she was up for any argument. Ginny didn't look surprised. She must have already known but wasn't taking sides. "Nothing. We've been over for a few days." "And you're just now saying something?" Parvati seemed hurt. "I thought we were friends." "It's not serious and it never was." Pansy scowled. "It was fun. Now it's over. Simple as that." Even to Hermione's hazy mind, it certainly didn't sound simple. There was something buried beneath her denials that seemed every bit as complex as the look in her eye. "I thought you were happy." It wasn't the wrong thing to say, it was just said by the wrong person: Cho. "I swear to fuckingÑ" Hermione covered Pansy's mouth, which earned her a bite on her palm. She glared but didn't remove her hand until Pansy rolled her eyes and conceded. "I hate you." "No, you don't." Hermione grinned, but let it slide off her face quickly. "You did seem happy." "And I was, but Percy's intense. I can tell what he wants and it's more than I'm willing to give." "Which is?" Padma asked. "Everything." "Did youÑ" "Talk to him? Don't be absurd?" And with that, Pansy got up and walked into the kitchen, effectively ending that portion of the conversation. They all stared at each other, knowing better than to revive it upon her return. When she came back with straight vodka, it was an even clearer sign to move on. And Ginny took it. "Hermione, I saw you and Malfoy walking around the joke shop together last week. You both seemedÉ" "Let me guess your next word." Hermione rolled her eyes. "Close. Ugh, not this again." "I'm just saying. Why notÑ" "Would you like those reasons listed chronologically, alphabetically"Ñshe hiccuppedÑ"or in order of importance?" Pansy scowled. "SometimesÑ" "Hermione has a point." Cho's defence caught everyone by surprise. "Malfoy's like a brick wall." "And you know this how?" Pansy narrowed her eyes. "I know he's closed off." "You don't know fuck all about Draco." Pansy looked ready to throw her drink and it was a wonder she didn't. "Don't sit here and talk about him like you do." "You're right, but he appears coldÑ" "You don't even know him well enough to say that." Hermione's words caught her by surprise. "No one has the right to put another person in a box, especially when they don't know them." "I know what I've seen, what I've heard, andÑ" "Can you justÉ not talk about him around me, especially sinceÑ" Hermione stopped herself from saying more than intended. The alcohol had certainly loosened her lips. "Since I've gotten to know him better." Cho looked confused. "But you just said you weren'tÑ" "I'm just not going to let you judge him when he's not here to defend himself. If you don't want people to make assumptions about you, you shouldn't do it to him." "Hermione's right," Padma said. "I know what you're dealing with but Malfoy doesn't deserve the judgment." "Stop talking about him like he's someÉ someÉ bloody exotic fish!" Hermione's mood was as hot as the room felt. "Y-you see his world. It looks perfect. He looks exactly like he should." She rubbed her head to clear the fog. "Before judging, look at his tank. I guarantee you'll see the bits that aren't right. He doesn't belong there. HeÉ shite. Draco's not a fish." For several moments, no one said anything. "That'sÉ deep." Parvati looked astonished while Cho glanced down at her hands. "It sounds like you've thought about it a lot." Ginny looked over at Pansy and found her similarly shocked. She had thought about it. Often. Without defending herself, Hermione got up and stumbled to the loo upstairs. When she returned, the music was back on, and everyone appeared to be enjoying themselves, but Pansy was gone. Ginny pointed in the direction of the conservatory before Hermione even asked. But Pansy wasn't there. Instead, she'd gone outside and was sitting on the swing, drinking Firewhisky straight from the bottle. Hermione joined her, not knowing what to say to someone so clearly in pain yet too stubborn to admit it. She rested a hand over Pansy's and waited in silence. Blinking at the orbs of light floating over the garden, the world began to swim. Pansy's fist balled up under her palm. "This wasn't supposed to happen." Pansy's words floated on the breeze, and when Hermione looked over, she noted a single tear rolling down her friend's cheek. "It's awful. I hate this." "What?" "Love." August 28, 2011 The weather was uncommonly nice. Despite the clouds in the sky that only allowed the sun to peek through every so often it wasn't going to rain. With flowers in bloom and warm breezes, it was calming to be outside rather than experience it from the comfort of her conservatory. Hermione let her chickens free, watching as they snapped up insects, beetles, and grubs in two particularly problematic beds. She left them to it, confined there by magicÑnot that they noticed. They were having plenty of fun. It wouldn't be enough to eliminate the problem, but it would help, and the chickens deserved a little freedom while she worked to clear and fertilise a different bed in preparation for winter planting. To make a real difference in her garden, she would need at least ten more chickens. The idea alone was daunting. Still, Hermione turned it over in her head as she snuck glances at her busy workers while they pecked at the dirt. It was hard to imagine having the capacity for new chickens. Neville would have to expand the coop, which would also require different warding. Time. Patience. Energy. All of those things were in short supply. But there was a quiet part of Hermione's mind that fawned over the idea of Scorpius holding a fluffy chick in his small hands. Naming it. Petting it. Caring for it. Showing it to Albus, eyes sparkling with excitement and pride. Something all his own. Something he could watch grow and change. An image Hermione couldn't quickly forget. She tabled the idea for later consideration. It was easy to notice when they were full because they started to go after the plants, pecking the leaves just because they couldÑchaotic little troublemakersÑso she corralled them all back into their coop to play until they got tired. Hermione continued clearing the flowerbed, testing the quality of the soil, and trying to figure out what sort of fertilising it would need. She then turned to watering the roses, absently making sure to clean the blooms of dirt. They looked better for it. Taking the harvested fruits and vegetables into the house, she made herself lunch on a break before she finished clearing out the second bed. Nothing heavy. Just a sandwich that she ate out in the pasture, stretched out on a blanket with a book she'd been meaning to read. After finishing her meal, she planned to waste the hour away with her book, but the atmosphere decided otherwise. The warm breeze lulled her senses andÉ Hermione woke up dazed. Laying on her side with her head resting on her arm, she noticed the book beside her. It was hard to tell how much time had passed until she glanced at her watch. More than an hour. After sitting up and stretching, she rolled her shoulders and turned her head from side to side to ease away the stiffness that came with sleep. She was about to pack up when she felt the tingle of her wards. She had a guest. And it wasn't one Hermione had expected. Narcissa. Her patient had finally been released from the hospital that morning. She was accompanied by Scorpius, which Hermione learned when she found them sitting together on the sofa in her living room. Narcissa looked slightly off; it piqued her curiosity because moments like that had increased since her incident. Scorpius waved, and Hermione responded in kind. But then he signed, and she dropped everything. Help. Wrong. "Narcissa?" The witch turned slowly to the sound of Hermione's voice. "How are you doing?" "Just fine." She stood up. "Be a dear and watch Draco for me." She sauntered off in the direction of the conservatory, leaving her and Scorpius exchanging looks. It took a few questions, signed responses, and headshakes to learn that her behaviour had changed as soon as she sat down. Scorpius took Hermione's offered hand and she led the way to the conservatory where Narcissa was not. Hermione nearly dropped his hand in panic, but tried to remain calm, quickly spotting Narcissa walking in the pasture. This was a dilemma. She didn't want to leave Scorpius alone, but she didn't know if she should bring him with her to chase after his grandmother either. She thought about calling for Draco, but remembered he was at a restoration meeting. She Floo called Andromeda, but she needed a few minutes to finish what she was doing before she was able to leave. Which left Catherine, who arrived not a minute after the green flames ceased. "Everything okay? Narcissa said she was coming here and Scorpius wanted to see you." "I need you to watch him." Hermione summoned a book of Al's, propped Scorpius on the swing, and gestured for Catherine to join him. "I'll be right back." Scorpius nodded, his face serious as he turned the first page. Narcissa hadn't gone far. It was probably the most casual Hermione had ever seen her, sitting at the centre of her blanket out in the pasture. Legs folded, gaze somewhere off in the distance, she lookedÉ helpless. When Hermione sat down, there was sadness in the very breath Narcissa exhaled. "I don't remember coming here." "You're safe." Hermione touched her shoulder and watched as the witch's eyes lifted to the blue skies. "Scorpius is safe, too. Everything is fine." "No. Everything is not fine." Narcissa's voice was barely louder than the rustle of the trees. "It's going to keep happening. I'm going to keep leaving and leaving until I don't come back one day. I'm going to keep forgetting and waking up in places not knowing how I got there. There is no end to this beyondÉ" For once, Hermione didn't know what to say. The cold truth was yes, she was right, but it didn't seem appropriate to respond with logic. Only emotion. But Narcissa beat her to it by resting her head on her shoulder in a move that shocked Hermione still. They simplyÉ sat. Just like that. Occasionally Hermione shot squinting glances over her shoulder to where she could barely make out Scorpius obediently looking down at the book in his lap. They sat. Hermione's arm curled around her, holding her in place, tethering her to reality. They sat. Listening to the sounds of birds, of nature, of life itself, the seconds rolled by. They sat until Narcissa finally spoke. "It's Lucius' birthday." She fiddled with the ring around her neck. "I miss him, but on hard days like today, I miss him the most." "What do you miss most about him?" While Hermione didn't know Lucius Malfoy outside of what she'd experienced and read about, he had been an important part of Narcissa's lifeÉ and her memories. Memories that she was losing. It probably felt like losing him all over again. More than once. Every incident. Every day. "I miss his voice. His smile. How he smelled and laughed. His presence." Narcissa fell silent. "Silly, I know." "No, it's not. It's how you feel and no one can tell you how to grieve." "On days like thisÉ" She lowered her head and took a deep breath. "I think of Scorpius and understand why you have been fighting so hard for him. I think of Draco and understand why he has been so angry at me." "Your son carries a lot of weight on his shoulders." "I have done him no favours." Narcissa never stopped touching the ring around her neck. "On some level, I have known all along. I have just been too stubborn to see." "Now that you understand better, you can do better." "Draco has beenÉ more amenable since my accident. He speaks to me now, and not just to be polite. He's trying. As am I." Hermione looked over her shoulder as she listened, feeling the wards tingle with a new arrival. Andromeda. Scorpius remained on the swing but he was no longer looking down, just straight ahead. "Do you want to come back into the house?" "No." Narcissa's voice was still distant. "I would like to sit here and remember while I can." Hermione let her do just that, swapping places with Andromeda, who sat next to her sister and held her. The contrast between them, right down to their hair colours, was startling against the green of the pasture surrounding them. Scorpius didn't ease off the swing until she was standing directly in front of him and nodding for Catherine to return to the house. He peered out in the pasture where his grandmother sat with Andromeda before turning worried eyes to her. "She's sad, but she's okay." It was the best explanation Hermione could give. Scorpius placed the book on the swing and led the way to the greenhouse, waiting patiently by the door for her to open it. Hermione followed the little boy who had a specific destination in mind. The tangerine tree. It was full of ripened fruit and Hermione summoned a few after a long look. Not knowing what he had in mind, she followed him back outside. His next stop became clearer the closer they got to the Black sisters, and Hermione hung back as he approached them on his own. Standing at attention, he offered the fruit to his grandmother. The tangerine looked as ripe as his nerves, but he didn't run. Narcissa didn't move to accept it, but she wore a soft smile Hermione had never seen directed at Scorpius before. She glanced at Hermione, who prompted her with a nod. She could do this. After another painfully awkward moment, Hermione almost abandoned her plan to not step in when NarcissaÑin probably the least graceful move she'd ever madeÑbeckoned him closer. Stiffly, Scorpius obeyed. Andromeda said something Scorpius didn't react to because he was staring at his grandmother. But when she brushed the hair from his forehead, he didn't flinch or move away, he just blinked at her in bewilderment. It was such a change from how she normally handled him. And change always got his attention. Narcissa's following words seemed as soft as her expression and his reaction confirmed it. Scorpius physically relaxed. Loosened his stance. Took a tiny, awkward step forward. Narcissa seemed to jolt, fumbling while peeling the fruitÑfrom her illness or her nerves, Hermione couldn't tell. Intently focused, he watched each of Narcissa's actions eagerly. Scorpius was slow to accept the offered tangerine slice, but he did so with a cautious smile, and only after dusting his little hands on his trousersÑsomething he never would have done, much less in front of his grandmother, when Hermione had first met him. His dimpled smile was hesitant yet present, and Narcissa returned one equally so. They bit down at the same time. It was a stunning sight. Thought-provoking and evocative. And when Scorpius backed away, scrambling back towards Hermione, Narcissa and Andromeda exchanged looks then smiles. Hermione barely had time to squat before he walked into her embrace, tucking his head into the crook of her neck, and letting go of the nerves he'd had all along. Narcissa and Andromeda looked over, catching her as she placed a hand on the back of his head. "You did so well, love." Scorpius lifted up, still flushed but smiling. He looked so proud of himself. "Ready?" He nodded. Scorpius wanted to help in the garden, but he certainly wasn't dressed for it. A quick trip into the house and she found Al's clothes for him to wear. Not long after, he was ready to work. With gloves of his own on, Scorpius followed Hermione, holding the empty wicker basket that was almost as big as him. She had picked from the plants outside, now it was time for the ones in the greenhouse. When she opened the greenhouse door for Scorpius, he only made it a few steps inside before he sat the basket down and tilted his head up. Now that he wasn't on a mission, Hermione found herself trailing after him as he freely explored every cornerÑplants, flowers, and herbs Ñtouching nothing, but looking around at everything that had grown since his last visit. Hermione peeled off his gloves. "Follow me." And he did, looking up at her more than the plants, which she only knew because she was looking back at him. She led him to the corner where the fruit she'd grown was plentiful and he pointed at the strawberry bushes, signing for permission to touch. "Of course." Hermione spoke and signed her permission at the same time. "I'll show you. Look for the bright red berries." Scorpius found one, and while there were many surrounding it, it was the first one he saw, the first one he cupped in his hand. Always so careful. So gentle. So respectful. "Is this the one?" He nodded with a small smile. She picked a strawberry next to it to show him how. "Watch me, okay?" He shuffled just a bit closer. "Grab the stem right here between your finger and thumb." She reached over and wiggled both which made him laugh. "Then pull and twist at the same time. Like this." Hermione did just that and the berry rolled into the palm of her hand. Scorpius' actions weren't quite as smooth but he was still successful. The smile he gave her was bright. Warm. Using her wand, Hermione rinsed off both strawberries and encouraged him to try, watching as Scorpius bit into the fruit. His eyes lit up at the sweetness before she bit into her own. From there, they tried the grapes and she laughed at the scrunched face he made when he tasted a fresh lemon. They picked more tangerines for him to take home, and Hermione went back and picked a few extra things to make for him at later points in the week. The basket was halfway full before Hermione insisted on carrying it, and though he handed it over, Scorpius kept his hand on the handle. Helping. The Arka plant was close to needing to be repotted; the once stubborn dittany was beginning to flourish, just like the boy at her side. When they finished in the greenhouse, there were still a few flower beds that needed weeding. She sent Scorpius to water the flowers along the edge of her fence with a watering can that was charmed to refill each time it emptied. Hermione snuck glances at Scorpius while she worked, watching as he stopped in front of each plant, stooped to its level, and touched the petals of each flower before watering it. Shaking her head, she continued cleaning out the soil while planning something to make for dinner. With Narcissa and Andromeda still on the blanket, there was no telling how long they would be there. Perhaps, if they stayed, they would dine around sunset and remain long enough for Scorpius to see the stars. Maybe they would all look. It was going to be a clear night. A perfect one for Draco to join them. To be present. A whisper on the wind caught her attention, and she turned to where Scorpius had moved on and was standing in front of the camellia that was barely taller than him. He craned his neck to see over the plant. But he couldn't. Hermione watched as he sat down the watering can and touched a flower. Just like he'd done before. Hermione moved on, but another sound drew her from her task again. A voice. Hermione slowly approached Scorpius, but he was too focused on the task of touching each flower with careful fingers before doing the same to the next. Almost as if he were greeting them. And then she heard it again. Soft and barely audible. Hoarse from lack of use but definitely his voice. She felt a rush of realisation and excitement, torn between approaching and retreating, but jolted when he picked up his watering can and moved along to the tulips, watering them and greeting each colourful flower with kindness and respect. Hermione stepped closer, focus zeroed in on the little boy who seemed to be in his own world. Her heart beat faster than a hummingbird's wings. Like most five-year-olds, he veered off task, catching sight of the roses on the other side of the vegetable patch. Off he went with the watering can in tow. From where he stood, Scorpius' back was to her completely. He sat the canister down, stooped low, and started from the bottom, touching the blooms and speaking one word to each. A word he had previously signed. Their first word. Over and over, he spoke to the plants. Hermione approached him from behind, placing a hand on his shoulder. It startled him a bit and he turned to her, eyes following each movement as she kneeled next to him. He returned her small smile before touching another bloom and leaning in to whisper a small greeting. Her hand trembled on his shoulder. "Are you saying hello to theÑ" Scorpius looked at her and only her, eyes bright and as blue as the sky. The only sign of his nerves was the hand that slipped into hers. Communication came in many forms. Sight, touch, and sound. And each form had taught Hermione its power. They started from looks and understanding and moved to signing with their hands. It was a journey of patience, hope, and love. Hermione found herself overwhelmed to the point of tears when Scorpius stepped closer. His face was brave and earnest as he finally spoke a single word. "Hi." The finest language is mostly made up of simple words. George Elliot Chapter End Notes A/N: Hope you enjoyed! Art for this chapter: DHr Cuddling by bookloverdream-blessedindeed & Big Spoon/Little Spoon pt 1 by bookloverdream-blessedindeed & Big Spoon/Little Spoon pt 2 by bookloverdream-blessedindeed & Hermione Painting by meriyart & Draco & Hermione Sleeping by Oukyn & Draco & Hermione Sketch by Camiiie4 Embedded art by Jaxx-in-a-box [ Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Chapter 28: ForgedinFire Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Twenty Eight Forged in Fire September 2, 2011 Baking was a combination of chemistry and art. Measuring, mixing, sieving, heating, and cooling. In this process, Hermione found control through calculated measurements, comfort in completing finite tasks, and a much needed sense of complete absorption that left no room for worry. Easy. Predictable. All she had to do was follow the instructions, remain calm, and at the end, there would not only be a sweet treat, but the chance of a clear mind. Today had left her with a need for that simplicity. A disagreement with Sachs over Andromeda's increased involvement in Narcissa's care, two moody MalfoysÑScorpius being the cuter and easier to consoleÑsecurity meetings at the hospital, and the Occupational Therapist's walkthrough of the Malfoy's home. Not to mention the rushed request to bottle the Wolfsbane Draco had just brewed for the four new wolves emerging from the last full moon. When Hermione finished her fifth batch of pastriesÑstrawberry crumb barsÑshe looked at the baking pans on every surface and began to wonder if there was a flaw in her theory. A roar of green flames erupted and out stepped Harry from her fireplace. "Your house smells like a cake shop." He joined her in the kitchen, a low whistle on his breath as he appraised her surroundings. "Looks like one, too. I should be terrified, but I don't see sad pies and I'm starving." Hermione smacked his hand before Harry could so much as think about reaching for a crumb bar. "Ow!" He looked exactly like James whenever he got caught misbehaving. "I wasn't going to Ñ" His smile grew. "Okay, I was. Can IÑ" "No, those are for the playdate tomorrow." "All of them?" Harry looked sceptical. "I thought you were stress baking." "I am." "About your parents?" His smile fell into a worried frown as he ran a hand through his messy hair. "Ginny told me. It explains why you looked on edge when you came to the restoration meeting. Did Percy call you?" "No." Hermione tensed with the memory of the day fresh in her mind. It hadn't quite left. She'd spoken to her father twice, short conversations, where they each kept trying to reassure the other that they were fine, but Hermione left both calls with the impression her parents weren't on speaking terms. The thought rattled her more than expected. "Then why did you come?" Realisation of her mistake dawned in that moment. The delay was a symptom of the stress that occupied too much of her mind. Harry rested his elbow on the island, waiting patiently for her excuse while Hermione reoriented and rapidly decided that he had to know something. Draco had thrown him out along with everyone else, and he'd observed them in the joke shop, at lunch, and on the walk to the forest. That didn't even include whatever he had noticed outside of her presence. However, what conclusion Harry had drawn for himself, she still didn't know. It was worth investigating. "You didn't answer my question." "Why do you think I came?" His simple, leading question was asked while she offered a lemon macaron. He devoured the treat in a single bite and held his hand out in a silent request for another. Which she allowed. "Answering a question with a question is what someone does when they're trying to stall for time." Harry laughed. "You're confirming my suspicions." "You're delaying." "You're trying to distract me with sweets." "Is it working?" "No. Besides, I've been meaning to ask for a while, butÉ" She knew the end of his sentence: things had been chaotic at best. "We could go around in circles or you could tell me the truth about what's going on between you and Malfoy." Harry held up a hand before Hermione could respond. "And don't say it's nothing. I've been wondering about this since you turned up during training to talk to himÑ the first time." Back after their fight. "Things between Draco and I areÉ hmm." "Can't say it out loud?" "He's courting me." Hermione's nerves were bad enough without noting just how quickly Harry's jaw dropped. She started to bite her fingernails, but stopped herself by bringing her fists to her sides. "We're, um. We're attending Pansy's party together and it won't be our first date." If possible, his eyes grew wider, more incredulous; his mouth opened and closed several times as he tried to form words without success. She looked away, down, and all around before settling on the strawberry crumb bars. There was no other way to soften the news, and, honestly, she should have expected the shock, but he had asked. "UhÉ" Harry finally cleared his throat. "Since when?" "July, but it'sÉ IÉ hmm." "I'm so confused. I thought since the joke shop, for certain." "No." She folded her arms. "But it's new and I genuinely have no idea what I'm doing." Hermione lagged in everything while Draco remained two steps ahead; she was flustered by each new suggestion and move he made. It was incredibly frustrating. The appearance of the small terrarium in Draco's office after she'd jokingly bought him a nerve plant that was as temperamental as him. The thirty minutes he waited while she agonised over picking a bottle of wine to share. The walk they took with Scorpius before dinner Wednesday, his little hands in theirs. The subtle attempt he made to gauge her birthday plans. "Do you fancy him?" Harry sounded pained to even ask. "IÉ" "No judgment if you do. I only ask because you seem jumpy." Hermione glanced at her watch. "We'll be late for the meeting." "It's literally one word: yes or no. Simple as that." Complexities aside, Harry was right. To its core, the answer was simple, confirmed during the oddest of moments. It was in the changes he'd made, and the inspiring way he constantly worked to better himself by allowing old wounds to heal. The morning tea and the few occasions he begrudgingly allowed her to answer one of his crosswordsÑwith his offered pen. The quiet formation of a Wednesday dinner tradition and the continuing trend of taking bits of time together. Draco consistently signed tomorrow to Scorpius and he and Narcissa were awkwardly trying to mend their bridges. Even outside of those moments, she found the answer in something as simple as the way he looked at her. "Yes. I do, butÑ" "Then that's all that matters for now." Harry rested a hand on her shoulder. "You're allowed to enjoy yourself." "I'm trying to." She was good at doing that when Draco was around. When he wasn'tÑwell, her brain went into overdrive at every opportunity. "I think he's so far ahead because he has to outthink me, and he's probably hesitant because I am. I have my reasons, we both do, and the list is long. It's hard to be impulsive with consequences weighing on my mind." "The consequences will be there regardless. I say live in the moment. Just for a moment." A chuckle escaped her. "I expected more of an argument against him." "I wouldn't stop you from finding what you're looking for, even if it means there's a chance Malfoy is it." Harry shrugged and offered his arm, which Hermione accepted, blinking wildly at her best friend. "Looks like I'm capable of change, too." The heated debate died when the door swung open and Kingsley appeared, blanketing the room in shocked silence. Not of astounded surprise, but of wonderment. Without being prompted, every person rose to their feet to offer him the respect he had earned equally through war and merit, but Kingsley's eyes scanned each face before gesturing for them to take their seats. He said nothing and remained standing until the last person settled in their chair. All eyes were on him. "I heard raised voices and assumed I was in the right place." Kingsley clasped his hands together, maintaining his signature poise and sharp gaze. "Apologies for my tardiness. I had a matter to tend to concerning my bees." He was wearing his blue beekeeping robes, but Kingsley still looked every bit the leader he had once beenÑthe one he still was. Hermione remained in awe of the attention he commanded with so few words, the respect he summoned from each of them, and the power he wielded without effort. Not to subjugate. To lead. "I am unaccustomed to the procession of these meetings." Kingsley sat next to Percy and left the seat at the head of the table empty. "Please continue." After a few moments of silence, the meeting resumed. Except now the goal was to impress the newest person in the room. "Tiberius is making reckless moves that are slowing down the process of government," said the Head of the Central Department. A completely different topic from before. "He cannot sack anyone in his office, as he has no valid reason to do so, but he can and has reduced their roles to nothing." Percy looked interested in the news. "Who has he given the power to?" "Trusted allies with no experience. His nephew acts as his assistant, reviews documents, and has started attending all of his private meetings." She caught Draco's eye from across the table, noting the way he stopped tapping his fingers and straightened in his seat. They were thinking similar thoughts. Cormac? With power? Tiberius had to be either desperate or fully insane. Neither were good options. Both were a recipe for disaster. "He's closing ranks faster than anticipated." Hestia looked a bit disturbed. "He knows the end is near." "Which is strange." Percy exchanged a glance with Hermione, who couldn't keep the flabbergasted look off her face. "The evidence we have is only circumstantial. Nothing is concrete yet, despite the unfinished searches. Nor are his actions illegal, as there is no precedent for the ethical codes he continues to violate. Outside of the firestorm caused by Skeeter's article and his approval ratings continually plunging, I feel like we're missing something vital." "Or Tiberius knows something we don't." Hermione folded her arms. "I'm not sure what it would be or if we could even find out." "Perhaps you might speak with CormacÑ" "Out of the question." She glared at the Head Ministry Librarian. "I am not bait." "Fine." The Head Ministry Librarian turned her attention to Draco. "And where are you with the translations, Mr Malfoy?" Hermione was instantly reminded of a previous discussion of this subject. The same they'd had right in this very room. When he adjusted his glasses and fixed his gaze on the older witch, she knew his response was going to be reminiscent of their last talk. Next to her, Harry shifted in his seat. Percy's eyebrow raised. "Hardly any time has passed since the last time this question was asked." "And? We would still like a response." A cord of tension stretched the expanse of the room. "Very well." Draco leaned back in his chair. "I have not completed any additional translation work." No one was happy. "I'm certain you are aware of the speed in which these translations need to be completedÑ" "I am, just as I am certain you are aware of the raid on the hideout near Ballycastle." Everyone was aware, even the public. "What the media doesn't know is that Death Eaters remain in the area, attacking the Aurors and Task Force members on site." Harry clenched his jaw. "Instead of translations, Malfoy has been performing his actual duties. Apologies. If any of you would like to assist us in bearing the responsibility of protecting the safety of dozens of people, please be my guest." Kingsley only observed, folding his hands on the table. She almost forgot he was there. The librarian flushed, chastened. "I was not aware of the extentÑ" "Nor should you be. We have a protocol that prevents us from divulging information." Posturing for Kingsley's sake continued; most stayed quiet while the usual suspects remained out front leading the charge. "Now that Kingsley is on board, and with Mr Malfoy currently indisposed, we should seek out another person to translate. Someone whoÑ" "Perhaps the break in translation will allow my team to review everything to date." Percy leaned forward, staring down the Head of the Department of Mysteries, who seemed ready for tonight's argument. "We do have some promising leads." Hermione glanced at Percy, intrigued not by his wording but by his tone. The air was buzzing with something more than friction. "If there are promising leads we don't need Mr Malfoy's efforts orÑ" "I assure you that you are incorrect." Kingsley's deep voice seemed to stun the room. "Regardless of Mr Malfoy's translation work, his involvement in this movement is vital." "Apologies, Sir." The librarian had an unforgettable flush across her cheeks. "But Mr Malfoy Ñ" "Is part of the reason I sit here today." The entire room took a collective breath. Everyone's attention was split between Kingsley's words and Draco, whose jaw was clenched so tight she wanted to reach over and smooth it, but he sat too far away. He only began to relax as the silence stretched on. And on. "The success of this movement has nothing to do with dismantling the current regime but rather in each action we make going forward." When Kingsley spoke, everyone took notice. "If we don't learn, we are destined to become those we seek to unseat." Kingsley looked around at each person, making certain he had their undivided attention. "The past is more than a set of events with an inevitable outcome. It is a text we can use for interpretation, a reminder that we can change the present, and thus, the future. The only way to learn from the past is to understand how the world we inhabit came into being." Tiberius. The Death Eaters. The corruption. The discrimination. The chaos. "We must take that understanding and use it so we do not continue to make the same mistakes or uphold the same prejudices as those before us. We have to be better, and by doing so, we become part of the solution instead of the problem." Looks were exchanged and people rustled around in their seats. "I am told my desire for fundamental social change is idealistic, that I should be pragmatic and focus on achievable goals such as ridding the Ministry of corruption. But what good is an orderly Ministry when we carry the past like a weight? We leave ourselves open to repeat it, just as we did with the second war." Hermione nodded. This was what they needed to hear. This was what they needed to understand. This was about more than power. This was about the future. "Mr Malfoy's presence is proof of the change I seek." Kingsley placed his hands on the arms of the chair. "He has a past we are all familiar with, a past he was exonerated from, but he represents the potential of what we can become as a society if we build bridges instead of burning them, if we treat people like people and not measure them against their family or history." Kingsley surveyed the room while Hermione kept her eyes trained on DracoÑnot that she could read him when he was staring so hard at the table. "Let us not forget we are all on the same side, and we fight the same fight, no matter the reason. You want to rid the Ministry of corruption? First you must uncorrupt yourselves. Starting here. Tonight." Draco raised his head. "Now that we've cleared that up, please continue." Percy did. The meeting ended not long after. Hermione filed out along with everyone else, leaving Kingsley to speak with Percy in private. Harry gave her a parting smirk with Draco at his side. They disappeared for several minutes. Lingering as close to the entrance of the library as allowed, Hermione waited patiently until Draco re-entered with her bag and offered it to her. "Thank you." Hermione draped the strap around her. "Are you finished or do you need to go back?" "I'm finished, but Kingsley is still speaking with Percy. They might be a while. Ready?" The smile she flashed spoke of her eagerness. Draco rolled his eyes, scoffing under his breath even as he took her hand and led the way. Tonight, Hermione perused while he retrieved the books left behind by the staff per his request. Hopefully, they would find something to aid his efforts in fusing an anti-Apparition charm to his mother's necklace. She cast a glance at him as he looked at the cover of each book then found her way to the Herbology section, picking up a few extra texts for some light reading before joining Draco. He did a double take when she approached. "I thought you were only selecting a few." "I did." Hermione placed all the books on the table. The sound echoed through the empty library. "This is a few." "Six, Granger?" Draco deadpanned. "Definitely more than a few." "I left three behind." A feat, really. One blond brow rose before Draco curled his finger, gesturing for her to come over. From her spot next to him, she peered at the books. It would take some trial and error to place an anti-Apparition charm on anything, but the research would help. "I can sort through these while you're gone and mark what might be useful." "Speaking of my absence." He turned to her fully. "I leave Sunday morning." The morning after the party. "How early? Scorpius will want to see you off." And, honestly, she did too, but she kept that to herself. "Potter and I have an on-site briefing at eight so after breakfast." Hermione nodded. "While I'm goneÑ" "I'll be around for Scorpius." Likely more than usual. "We'll have breakfast each morning and dinner on Wednesdays. We're reading a new book. And he and Albus have a playdate next Saturday at my house." Hermione leaned back against the table, eyeing Draco. "You're worried about leaving him?" "I am." "Don't." Hermione pushed off the table and started to move away but stopped when Draco's hand curled around her wrist. He was watching her, waiting for something she couldn't identify until his face hardened. A puff of exasperation escaped his lips before he let go. She tilted her head. "What is it?" "Nothing." September 3, 2011 The cactus was noticeably straighter. The recovery paralleled the little boy who stood next to it with his father's note in hand. Smartly dressed in a white shirt, dark blue trousers, and a green paisley bowtie, Scorpius looked all around before approaching where Hermione sat on the sofa. Once in front of her, she noticed that his bowtie wasn't a clip-onÑit was properly tied. Likely by Draco, who was lurking somewhere. Hermione rolled her eyes inwardly, hoping his odd mood from last night had passed, but she couldn't help but grin when Scorpius hugged her and murmured a small greeting in her ear. "Hi." "Hi there." Hermione would never get used to hearing his voice. Still little more than a whisper, it consistently made her smile. She pointed at the note still in his hand. "Are you reading to the cactus?" Scorpius nodded bashfully, shifting from foot to foot. Sensing his nerves, she offered a hand he accepted and his fidgeting stopped. "How do you know what it says?" The little boy leaned closer to her ear again and whispered, "Daddy told me." Hermione's eyes widened. Not only at his shy words but at his name for Draco. Burying his forehead into the crook of her neck, he sought the reassurance he always needed after speaking. It was nothing to swallow Scorpius into a hug, nothing to gently appreciate the fact that his single word responses had grown, all while trying to process the fact that Draco had begun reading his notes to Scorpius. How long had that been happening? "Did you like the note?" Scorpius nodded against her neck. Hermione didn't ask what it said. "Did your cactusÑ" "Mint." "Hmm?" She blinked. "Wait. The cactus is named Mint?" That time Scorpius lifted his head and nodded with that same timid smile. Hers grew wider. "I love it." Mint the cactus was the most adorable thing. It made her want to know his name for other things, but that would have to wait. "Are you ready to go see Albus?" Scorpius nodded with excitement. "Did youÉ tell your dad bye?" His blond head bobbed again as he slipped the note into his pocket, signing his affirmation a little slower. She understood the deeper meaning behind his return to silence. Scorpius had yet to speak to his father nor did he appear ready. She knew better than to hint at the idea. There was no rush. At least that was what Draco had said the night Scorpius spoke to her when he carried the sleeping boy inside after stargazing. "Did you say bye to Catherine?" Another nod. Hermione tapped her chin, pretending to think while his gap-toothed smile eagerly grew wider. Scorpius was adorable, and she couldn't stop grinning at his appearance, but he wasn't at all properly dressed for a playdate at the Burrow. Not that she could tell him that when he looked so proud of himselfÑand dapper. Hermione quietly hoped Ginny had spare clothes for when he inevitably ruined his. "I think we're ready to go then." When they stepped out the fireplace at the Burrow, Scorpius froze. His excitement drained into nervousness at the busy sitting room where Molly's knitting needles worked aggressively on two sweaters. The tentative boy at her side approached the moving needles, but he didn't let go of her hand. "It's magic." Hermione smiled when he turned his head in fascination. "Mrs Weasley makes jumpers for everyone for Christmas. Are you ready to meet her?" Scorpius signed his response and off they went, out of the sitting room and down the narrow hall. They moved much slower than usual; he was fascinated with every oddity and bit of clutter. This was entirely different from the clean lines of his own home, and even different from hers. When they made it to the kitchen, Molly greeted them both with a warm smile from her spot at the table. "Sorry we're late." "No, you're right on time." Then her smile lowered to the little boy. "You must be Scorpius. You look so handsome!" The nod he gave was accompanied by a blush as he fused himself to Hermione's side. Mrs Weasley, she could tell, was instantly enamoured, ready to fill him with good food and sweet treats. "Aw, you're such a dear. Albus is waiting foÑ" The door swung open and in rushed a floppy-haired Albus wearing jeans that were dirty at the knees and a shirt with cartoon characters. "Is ScorÑ" Then he saw his best friend, who instantly straightened and grinned at the sight of him. "You're here!" Albus practically tackled the blond boy with a hug that was eagerly returned. Scorpius signed something Hermione barely caught and Albus nodded back with a smile so wide it looked like it hurt. He was incandescently happy. Hermione kneeled. "Hugs?" She was promptly showered with them by two boys. When they both pulled back, they stood side by side. They were the picture of oppositesÑAl's chaos to Scorpius' orderÑbut they were bonded by friendship. "So, what are you going to show Scorpius today?" Albus rattled off the list of everything he had planned: teaching Scorpius how to play games, toy cars, chasing gnomes, a picnic behind the Burrow, and practicing sign language together. There were even bits about a promised story time from Molly that made Scorpius' eyes widen. It sounded like he was set to have a good day. "Where are James and Lily?" Hermione was sure Al would know. "Lily's asleep and James and grandad are poking some Muggle thing with a stick." That sounded about right. "Have fun." Hermione straightened Scorpius' bowtie. "I'll be back to get you a little later, okay?" A nod was all she received before Albus led a slightly bewildered but clearly happy Scorpius outside. The sound of Al's excitement could be heard long after the door shut behind him. "Draco Malfoy's son?" Molly was still smiling at her. "He's quite precious." It was interesting that Molly never once mentioned his family; not once did she say the words for a Malfoy. Scorpius was justÉ himself. A boy with a paisley bowtie who was playing with his best friend. It was moments like these when Hermione thought she couldn't possibly love Molly more. "Thank you." "What for, love?" "I justÑ" Hermione couldn't find the words. "If anything happens and I need to come back, just send a message and I'll come get him." Molly waved her off. "He'll be fine. Don't worry." "He likely will need a change of clothes or a good cleaning spell toÑ" "Ginny has Al's clothes that will fit him in case I can't clean him up. Though, I'd be surprised if a stain existed that I couldn't remove." "Oh, and he doesn't eat meat." "I remember from your note and I've prepared sandwiches for their picnic and a meatless option for dinner." "He's also picky aboutÑ" "It's on your list." Molly pointed to the parchment Hermione had left her earlier in the week. At twelve items, it was quite long but she wanted to be thorough. "That's right." She wracked her brain for anything she might have forgotten. "He'll sign mostly, but when he gets upset heÑ" "Al can interpret, don't worry." Molly's smile widened. "You're nervous." "I am." Hermione blushed, and an embarrassed feeling spread in her chest. "I just want to make sure he's okay. He's not been around other children much without me there, too." "He'll be fine." Molly rested a hand on her shoulder. "Come, take a look." They peeked out the kitchen window to see Albus and Scorpius in the pasture with Arthur and James. It was sunny out, and they were smiling while picking wildflowers. All Hermione could think of was a time when she had wondered if he would like it here. Albus rushed to show his grandfather the flowers he picked and Scorpius slowly presented his own. Arthur smiled graciously and said something that made Scorpius' smile grow until it was visible from where she stood. Kindness calmed the fear Hermione didn't acknowledge she had. "See, he's great. He reminds me of Percy when he was a boy. All buttoned up." Molly curled an arm over Hermione's shoulder and pulled her close. "Sometimes I wish I'd done better by him. Understood him more. But in such a big familyÉ" She didn't have the time or capacity. "MaybeÑ" Molly stopped, but her eyes were heavy with emotion. Maybe he wouldn't have drifted so far before realising he was lost. Maybe it wouldn't have taken losing his brother for him to find his way home. Maybe they could have mended in time. Maybe. Maybe. Molly took a deep breath. "I wouldn't worry as much as you do, dear. Scorpius is very lucky to have you." Maybe he was. Six months had done wonders for him, but the truth was quite the opposite. "I think I'm the lucky one." They stood in silence and watched the boys play, observing the way James slid into the bubble with them. Albus glared fiercely at his brother until Scorpius showed him the sign for flower so he wouldn't feel left out. Or alone. "Oh, before you go." Molly stepped back and went to the table. Having taken a final glimpse at Scorpius and Al venturing out while James and Arthur pulled up the rear, Hermione stepped back, hoping he would enjoy today. Molly was picking up several pamphlets to hand her. Brochures for multiple private primary schools. Oh. "Harry asked me to give you these to pass along to Draco. He thinks they should visit these and they're relatively close to both of their homes. They'll likely start the year late, butÑ" "Visit?" Hermione blinked several times. "Are they planningÑ" "To send the boys to the same school? I believe so. Ginny told me that each school has a small subset that caters to magical students. There's also sign language for Scorpius and they can help with Albus' social anxiety." Neither Draco nor Harry had said a word, which was a testament to how far they'd come. They didn't need her to mediate. They were able to work together by themselves. The planning of their upcoming trip attested to that. "It's brilliant, actually." Hermione smiled as she looked at the stack of pamphlets. Scorpius needed social interaction in an understanding environment, and Albus needed to be in a school that could help him rather than isolate him. Perhaps they would branch out to include more friends, maybe they would keep to themselves, but at least neither would be alone. "You look astonished." "I am." "Oh, I thought you knew. Harry was under the impression that you did, or maybe it was your idea." "No, I had nothing to do with it." The forecast promised a pleasant, sunny day with a light breeze, but Hermione prepared for an impending storm nonetheless. Pansy. Hermione hadn't seen her since Girls' Night, but knew from Daphne's account of her spiralling that she wasn't doing well. Deep in pain and denial. Even Luna was trying to secure an early Portkey from Siberia. All attempts to convince her to cancel were met with blunt opposition so the most they could do was hope for the best and prepare for the worst. After a long shower to relax, Hermione took her time dressing, using a charm here and there to assist. Her dress was simple, understated, and lightweight. The pleasant shade of blue was so pale it looked white in a certain light, and slightly puffed sleeves accentuated the high-waisted bodice. Most importantly, it was comfortable enough to put on without issue. In fact, her only hesitation with the outfit was the cut of the neckline. Square and low, it was on par for the time period but it still made her modest heart skip a beat. Taming her hair with Sleakeazy's made forcing it into soft curls much easier. It wasn't exactly the style she was going for, but after three failed attempts to put her hair in an elegant updo that would fit under her bonnet, Hermione gave up and considered her curls a success. Light touches of makeup came next and then Hermione was ready. A book, a shawl, and a matching fanÑand the brochuresÑwere stuffed in her beaded bag before she left for her destination. Tucked away from civilisation and concealed by wards and charms, the outside of Zabini Manor was majestic. The picturesque home, surrounded by an endless sea of green grass, had a walkway lined with decorative shrubbery from the iron gates to the entrance. It was stunning. Blaise's mother had relinquished the home to him years ago. He hardly used it, preferring his flat with Padma as his primary residence, but on occasion, he brought her here to get away from it all. Now Hermione understood the appeal. Draco appeared beside her with a soft pop that made her take a step back, but in doing so, it gave her a full view ofÉ him. He looked every bit like a regency gentleman in a deep grey single-breasted waistcoat and breeches, white high-collared shirt and cravat, and black boots. His hands were covered in white gloves and tucked under one arm was a black top hat. His cursory onceover of her was done in a flash but fresh on her mind when he greeted her. "Granger." It sounded as if only he had a right to speak those two syllables. Hermione fought off a shiver. One day she hoped her name from his mouth wouldn't cause the childish fluttering in her stomach. But today was not that day. "Draco." They started up the long walkway, but he didn't reach for her hand. "How was Scorpius?" "You could have come to the Burrow with me to drop him off." She smirked at his expression, which clearly defined his unwillingness to do so. "You'll have to go there one day, but Scorpius did well. When I left, he was trying to gift weeds to a gnome. I think it liked him." The sweet memory faded when she remembered something else. "I brought the brochures for the private schools Harry left for you at the Burrow. I didn't know you two wereÑ" "It's been in the works for a while." "How long have you been planning this?" "Long enough to advise Mr Graves that as soon as I register Scorpius into school his services will no longer be needed." "And Catherine?" "She has had her new role explained to her and a contract has been drawn. She'll be picking him up from school, helping with assignments, and watching him in the evenings until I get home. And overnightsÑonly as needed. We'll resume whatever lessons Scorpius chooses, and if he chooses something Catherine can't teach him, I'll arrange for it. Latin and etiquette will be a requirement to not only appease my mother but because those are things he needs to knowÑthough not at the level or rigidity he was subject to before." It all sounded incredibly reasonable. "I don't have a say in anything, but I think this change is going to be really good for him." They reached the grand doors, which opened automatically, giving them a vision of an elegant foyer with double grand staircases and crystal chandeliers. "I don't believe I've ever implied that you don't have a say." The sight of the entrance was stunning but Hermione didn't move; she stood in the doorway gobsmacked as Draco walked in. No words were exchanged when she caught up. Not that Hermione knew what to say. The sort of speechlessness she felt wasn't new. Draco led the way down the winding hallways, stopping in front of each closed door at precisely the right spot for them to open fully and lead to the next. He'd been here before, that much was clear, and when the final door opened to the outside, his gloved hand gestured for her to step out first. Which she did. It wasÉ quite the view. Pansy had been right to wait for a nice day, one not created by magic or wards. The sight from her vantage point at the top of the stairs was something out of a novel. The sun was bright in the clear afternoon sky. Green. It was all Hermione saw. Lush fields of grass spread as far as the eye could see, stopped only by trees in the distance. There were trees she couldn't quite identify speckled throughout that seemed strategically placed. The focal point was the extensive hedge maze that twisted and turned and extended far enough to make her wonder how long it would take to get to the other side. The spouting fountain in the centre served as a guide for lost wanderers. The only thing not green was the enormous table to her left, where Pansy and the other party guests, dressed in similar garb, were comfortably seated. Their voices were muffled but they carried. She could see the tension from where she stood and took a deep breath in preparation. "Are you going to stand here all day?" Only then did Hermione remember she wasn't alone. Draco was already two steps down, head turned back towards her with a gloved hand extended. When she looked around, wondering if anyone could see them, his features flattened in annoyance but his hand didn't drop. "Your shoes don't have enough grip for the stairs." As it turned out, Draco was right, but only because she'd been watching him and stepped on her dress by mistake. Hermione never fell because she'd taken his hand. It swallowed hers completely, and warmth radiated through his gloves. Upon reaching the bottom, there was a moment she let the errant thought of not letting go play out in her mind, but Draco released her hand before the image fully formed. A reminder of their audience, most of which didn't know. Everyone looked lovely dressed in their Regency costumes. Women sat on the left side of the table, men on the right, all comfortably distanced but not too spread out. Platters lined with grape leaves showcased salmagundi, cut fruits and nuts, breads and jams, and tea that everyone helped themselves to when the moment was right. There was an open space for each of them, but Hermione ended up between Pansy and Daphne and across from Ron. Draco sat across from a smiling Parvati between Blaise and Dean, who cradled a squirming Halia. The moment she sat down, the tension between Percy and Pansy threatened to swallow her whole. She wasn't the only one, given her cursory glance around the table. Pansy barely greeted them in favour of drinking her substitute for teaÑwine. Her flush indicated this wasn't her first glass. Or her second. "There you both are." Daphne's smile screamed for help. "Just in time to start the game." "I was wondering if we would ever get started," Lisa said from the other end of the table. Susan stopped chewing and Parvati glared daggers at Ron while he pretended not to notice. Peace hung on by a very thin thread. Hermione cringed and exchanged glances with Daphne then Ginny; both wore similar looks of unease. From his spot across from Pansy and between Theo and Ron, Percy bore the tiniest grimace that spoke loudly of his overall mood. Padma pursed her lips as if silently whistling then mouthed one word Hermione already felt. Awkward. This was going to be a long day. No amount of games could lighten the situation, but Padma tried as she handed each person a card with a conversation topic for everyone to discuss. Susan had the first, Harry the second, and Ginny the third. All went smoothly, and Hermione wondered briefly if she was overreacting. Her eyes skirted to Pansy after each contribution to the conversation. Just as Percy's did. Lisa went fourth. "What are men to rocks and mountains?" "How can you compare the two? You can't." Parvati barked a laugh. "In my opinion, men are much better." Hermione glanced at Draco, who had picked up one of the books decorating the table and opened the cover, already visibly checked out of the conversation. He fished his reading glasses from inside his waistcoat and put them on. When he saw Lisa and Parvati looking, he ignored them both with a bored expression before turning his attention to the book. "You mean to tell me men are better than nature?" Lisa scoffed with a roll of her eyes and Padma instantly sat up straighter in defence of her sister. "I like a fit bloke as much as anyone but to put them above the beauty of nature isÑ" "Incomparable, as Parvati said," Theo interjected coolly. For the first time, Hermione took notice of his Naval Captain attire. "I don't think you should take the quote so literally, at least I don't. Man to me encompasses humanity as a whole rather than one part." "Interesting point." Hermione sipped the tea that had been pre-made for her and tried to pretend to enjoy it. She put it down. "People have a tendency to try and replicate nature, but they all fail exceedingly." Grey eyes cut to her. The only reason she noticed was because she was looking. "Why is that, hmm?" Theo asked her but looked at Pansy, who was finishing up her glass of wine and glaring past everyone, appearing bored and irritated. They both bristled slightly. "Nature is nature," Theo continued, keeping the attention off their host. "It simply is and will continue to be long after we're all dead. Man, on the other hand, is not at all simple." "Men change." There was an edge in Lisa's voice that made Ron pause in the middle of his quiet conversation with Harry. "Their affection ebbs and flows like the tide." Dean shrugged and rested a hand on his daughter's head. "People change." "Which isn't a terrible thing, just not on topic for rocks and mountains." Hermione forked a piece of fruit and ate it. "Who wants to go next?" "I'll go." Parvati opened her card. "Marriage in regency times versus now." She frowned. "If this is about preference then I definitely would prefer marriage to be as easy now as it was then." "Mum would love to arrange your marriage." Padma smirked. "If that's what you want." "Fuck off." Parvati scowled as her sister laughed along with most everyone else. "I just think the entire process was easier because love was simpler." "Love, by definition, isn't simple." Percy spoke for the first time with a fierce edge to his tone that only sharpened when Pansy poured herself another glass and filled it to the brim. "It's more than a word. More than a single, unidimensional expression. It shouldn't be used lightly. I don't." And that was when the metaphorical thunder rumbled a warning, but no one seemed to notice. Except Ginny, who gave her brother a quirked brow from the other side of Pansy. Their eyes met over the witch drinking her wine. They were all about to witness a descent. Time for a subject change. Only, no one clued Parvati in. "You're right. Maybe I said it wrong, but what I mean is I wish love still happened like it did back then. Everyone meets up at parties and social gatherings, and you drink and dance and end up with a husband." "Did you read any of these books?" Pansy's question was acerbic as she patted a stack of books on the table. "Clearly not. That's not how it happened at all." Theo perked up. Draco momentarily lifted his head. Blaise and Dean exchanged looks with Padma and Daphne. "Okay, so I didn't read the books." Parvati tucked her hair behind her ears. "And maybe I don't know how love worked back then, but I'm valid for wanting it to be simple like that now." "I wouldn't want that." Hermione decided to speak up before a visibly irritated Pansy could. "Love back then wasn't just about the admiration of good qualities or physical attraction, it was about economic suitability and unrealistic expectations for current times." "One could argue that those two reasons are still the basis of most pureblood marriages." Blaise settled back in his seat, appearing relaxed and excited for the chaotic ride ahead. "Perhaps, but you won't see me signing up to contract my hand. I understand that it's not always a choice. It's an expectation in certain circles, but marriage has always been a choice for me." Hermione shook her head. "Granted, my views on marriage aren't so traditional or even expected." Draco snorted and adjusted his glasses. Everyone looked at him. Even Pansy. "Comments?" Hermione forked another piece of fruit. "Plenty." Grey eyes slid to her briefly before returning to his book. "But I'll keep my opinions to myself." Parvati turned to Hermione. "Do you think you'll marry?" Susan appeared interested enough in her response to pay attention. "I'm not sure." She shrugged awkwardly. "MarriageÉ is not something on my mind at the moment." "Every woman is interested in marriage deep down," Lisa said. "IÑ" "I'm not every woman. Yes, I understand the rationale behind marriage, and I'll never discourage anyone who wants to marry on their own terms, but I'm not sure if it's for me." Hermione chuckled to herself, shaking her head. "At the same time, I realise I can't say that for certain because I have no idea." "Oh?" Padma placed an elbow on the table. "Do go on." "Maybe I'll be convinced one day, but I'd have to do more than love them fiercely." Hermione touched the end of a curl. "I'd have to wake up every day and choose that love." "I think that's a good way to look at it. If you can't commit, don't." Harry ran a hand through his slightly tamed hair, messing it up. Ginny's glare was returned with a boyish grin. "Marriage isn't easy, by any means, but I'm a better man because of Ginny." Harry gave his blushing wife a wider grin then glanced down at Blaise. "As I told Blaise, it's not something I went into with both eyes open. It took us time to figure it out, but that's what marriage is. It's something you have to constantly work at no matter who you are married to or for how long." "True." Ginny sipped her tea. "It's about emotions and communication, responsibility and devotion." "Adding children into the equation complicates things more but it's important to prioritise." Daphne smiled at her husband. "Dean and I are learning that." "It's not easy when two-thirds of the kids are fighting, the last one wants silence, everyone's hungry, and I just want to nap." Hermione chuckled at Ginny's comment. "That's when we divide and conquer." Ginny laughed and high-fived Harry across the table. The conversation smoothly moved on, hopefully steering from Percy and Pansy. The former was looking down and the latter was drinking her wine. Dean excused himself to change Halia's nappy while Daphne joined him because it was time for feeding. They left holding hands, but not before Daphne gave Hermione a look that clearly asked her to watch out for Pansy. She nodded in return. "Who's next?" Ginny clasped her hands together. "Theo?" "I suppose." The man in question gave her a blank expression but obediently looked at his card. "What is your definition of an accomplished woman? This is simple if I'm describing my ideal type, which varies from person to person." "That makes no sense." Ron rolled his eyes. "You have to have a type. Everyone does." "Actually, I don't." Theo placed his card on the blanket. "Beauty is objective. It changes and fades and dies. Attraction is just as fleeting. Qualities that we're told are attractive can be contradictory and confusing, far broader and not on fixed levels." He gave Ron a look. "You and I are not attracted to the same sort of people." "What is your type then, Theo?" Parvati asked. Hermione found herself curious, just like the others. Pansy even stopped drinking. "I prefer a strong emotional connection before a physical one. Gender is inconsequential." Ron blinked while Blaise shrugged like it was something he'd always known. Draco had gone back to reading and flipped another page, unbothered but clearly listening. Ron appeared genuinely confused. "How do you create an emotional bond before a physical one?" Harry didn't answer, only clapped him on the shoulder and laughed. "Oi!" Ron shoved him back. "I just mean I don't get to know a woman's emotions first. I notice theirÑ" Blaise cleared his throat. "What did you notice about Padma first?" "Her legs." Blaise merely shrugged when they all laughed and Padma nodded with a wide grin. "I am who I am. But then I noticed her attitude when she caught me staring and told me off for objectifying her. She slapped me and I asked her to dinner." "I said no." "Thirteen times." He smirked rakishly. "But here we are. Any regrets?" "HmmÉ." She pretended to think about it. "None." "You two stop being so fucking lovely while I'm here single." Parvati pouted. "The last of the Patils. I'm still shocked you agreed to change your last name." "I'm hyphenating." "Really?" Lisa's voice was equivalent to nails on glass. "That's surprising." Susan closed her eyes and took a patient breath before picking up her wine glass. Hermione swore she caught the tail end of an eye roll. "Perhaps to you, but it's my decision." There was just a whisper of irritation in the normally laidback Padma's voice. Blaise's grin widened, clearly enjoying seeing this side of his fiancŽ. "I would definitely take my husband's name." Lisa had a tone that made Padma and Susan exchange glares. "It's tradition andÑ" "I won't change my name, but that's between me and the man I marry. Not a roundtable discussion." Hermione knew she hadn't concealed her annoyance well enough because Draco sat back in his chair, a quirk playing at the corner of his lips. She had the attention of the entire table. "TheÑ" "Well, then I suppose it's a good thing you don't intend to marry." Hermione's hackles rose, as did Ginny's. Susan looked long suffering and Padma poked her in the side to make her hold her tongue. Pansy just sipped her wine and watched. "IÑ" "We're far off topic." Draco's drawl halted the impending exchange. "True." Parvati sighed. "I think we can all agree there is no definition of an accomplished woman, just like the perfect man doesn't exist." "No." Draco's tone was as dry as the air. "However, the two wordsÑperfect and manÑdon't belong together." "Since you're so opinionated, Malfoy, what is your perfect woman?" Lisa's glare only served to irritate Hermione further. Draco didn't hide his irritation about being forced into engagement. "What do you think?" From the set of his jaw to the hardness of his eyes, Hermione knew the question was little more than a challenge. The same one he had issued to her in the conservatory months ago, though this one had more of a bite than she remembered. More weight. Hermione wasn't the only one who tried to deter Lisa from engaging. Theo offered a subtle shake of his head and Parvati visibly cringed. But Lisa charged on. "You're a Malfoy. I imagine you'd want someone more traditional and willing to play the role of a dutiful wife. A woman who cares about appearances, but is also a force to be reckoned with, as it pertains to keeping relevance in society. Someone like your mother." "No one wants to marry someone like their mother." Susan noticed everyone's attention shift to her. "That marks the end of my contribution to this conversation." She ate a piece of fruit and waved her fork around. "Carry on embarrassing yourself, Lisa." The witch looked affronted, ready to lash out at Susan. "IÑ" "She is a force, but a dutiful woman she is not." Blaise choked on air while Theo gave his friend a long-suffering look. Puzzled by his statement, Hermione frowned at Draco, who returned to his book. Harry was staring at her so she shrugged at him to determine why, but he palmed his forehead. Pansy also glared at her before rolling her eyes and returning to her drink. Ron's head tilted to the side, shifting through a series of expressions before shaking off whatever passing thought and chuckling to himself. "Since you're humoured," Draco drawled before flipping the page, "answer your own question." Lisa looked down at Ron. "What's your ideal woman?" "Smart and pretty. Honest and loyal." He paused and considered his next words. "I like a woman who is resourceful and strong, likes to cook and readÉ" He trailed off to think on it further while Lisa's smile died rapidly. "The art of subtlety is missed on you, isn't it, Weasley?" Draco's tone was an odd blend of annoyed and bemused. "If you're going to describe Granger at least be upfront about it." Lisa abruptly stood up and stormed towards the house. Hermione glared at Ron, who looked like he had no idea what he'd done wrong. Harry slapped him on the back of the head, which made him grimace and scowl at his best friend. "I was being honest!" "When your girlfriend can't cook and your ex can, honesty isn't a good look, mate." "Also." The sound of Draco shutting the book completely gathered everyone's attention. He placed it on the table where he'd gotten it. "If you're going to describe Granger as your ideal type, you should describe her completely, right down to the fact that she's often frustrating, opinionated, and self-righteous to a fault." Hermione wasn't upset about his observation. It was true. "You can't base your ideal off a person and leave out what makes them who they are." Stunned, she blinked at Draco, as did everyone else. Susan's eyes were enormous. Parvati sighed with an enamoured smile. "I never said Hermione was my ideal, I justÑ" "Listed Granger's qualities until it upset your girlfriend enough to leave." Draco sounded bored. "I stand by my statement." Ron opened his mouth to argue, but Percy cut him off. "He's right." "WhatÑ" "When you love someone, you love the real person, not just your perception of them. It's the only way you understand that they have both virtues and flaws. The only way you realise that despite it all, you still love them anyway." Hermione followed Percy's blue eyes to where Pansy satÑfrozen. "The good. The bad. The flawed. Everything in between. You never stop." He held her gaze like no one else was around. "When you love someone, you love the way they walk and laugh, the way they show up at your office daily to make sure you've eaten and force you out when you haven't." "Stop it." Pansy's words were cold but her eyes were heavy with tears that had been steadily building. "Stop saying that word." "No." Percy's jaw set in determination. "Because when you love someone, Pansy, you love their insecurities and imperfections. You love their past because it made them who they are. I Ñ" Pansy all but sprang to her feet, nearly tripping over the ends of her turquoise dress, and wordlessly kicking off her shoes as she rushed off. Not towards the house, but in the direction of the hedge maze. They all remained in stunned silence. "Apologies for the outburst." Percy cleared his throat and stood up, fixing his navy waistcoat. "Excuse us." He walked around Harry and Ron, his steps more deliberate than Pansy's, who was near the closest entrance to the hedges. By the time he stopped to extract his wand and summon her shoes, she was out of sight. And soon, Percy was, too. Source: Jaxxinthebox The party moved to the tables near the bottom of the stairs while Daphne and Padma cleaned up. Ron had just returnedÑaloneÑfrom trying to smooth things over with Lisa, which meant it hadn't gone well. He was currently talking to Dean and Harry near one of the trees, the former speaking while the latter clapped him on the back. Hermione looked around from her spot at a small outdoor table, but there was nothing to distract her from Parvati, who was going on about what the three of them were looking at. A very uncomfortable Draco Malfoy with a sleeping Halia snuggled against his chest. Daphne had all but dropped the baby in his arms while she helped Padma. He was the first free hand she'd spotted. The exchange was awkward, Draco didn't seem to know what to do with something so small, but apparently he figured it out. Settled. Now, though, it seemed he wanted to move but didn't want to wake her. Draco had reached for the book on the table twice before giving up. "So this is what exploding ovaries feels like." Parvati sighed. "Oh my. If I were wearing knickers they would beÑ" Ginny coughed. "Why aren't you wearing knickers?" "I never wear knickers." "It's also historical accuracy for today's event." Hermione answered before Parvati could. Everyone gaped at her. "What? Drawers weren't common to wear until after 1820. I did my research." "Of course you did." Parvati patted her shoulder then paused. "Wait. Does that meanÉ" The question died when Halia turned her head and Draco's expression softened into a look she often saw him give Scorpius. Parvati sighed. "I don't understand the appeal." Susan shrugged at their friend's offended gasp. "He's fit, yes but not my type. Ron or Seamus, sure. Draco Malfoy? No." "Are you fucking kidding me?" Hermione winced at the shrill twinge in Parvati's voice. "He was polite enough during the consultation, but it took thirty minutes for me to glare his shirt off to see the problem with his shoulder. We can't even begin until he's healed up from his newest addition. The next nine sessions are going to be long." Addition? Hermione's eyes cut to Parvati, but she was too busy gawking and hadn't picked up Susan's reference to Draco's newest additionÑwhatever that meant. Her curiosity was reignitedÑ honestly, it hadn't gone away. "So wait. You've seen him shirtless?" Parvati looked supremely interested. "Go on." Both Hermione and Susan rolled their eyes. "I barely paid attention. Nor would I, to be honest. I generally like my blokes nice. Malfoy isn't." "I think the definition of nice varies dramatically from person to person and is further divided by personality types." Hermione attempted to be measured with her argument. "Overall, is he? I imagine since he's not gregarious or emotive or even personable, he wouldn't be perceived to be a nice man. But Draco is reserved and civil. He's thoughtful, hard-working, and tries to do what's right. He's turning over a new leaf with his son and I can appreciate the amount ofÑ" "Oh my gods, you fancy him." Parvati's eyes were positively wild, and before Hermione could inhale to deny it, she leaned back in her chair. "You do." "I uhÑ" "How are you just figuring this out?" Susan's eyebrow disappeared behind her bangs. "SheÑ oh, you weren't at the brunch when she told us." "What!" "Hermione all but said she fancied him." Susan turned to Hermione. "Is that still true?" "ItÉ is." She almost told them more but decided to keep it to herself. "How did I miss this?" Parvati pouted. "I miss all the good gossip." "Also it's not gossip. It'sÉ" Hermione sighed. "I've gotten to know him better." Parvati seemed to be short-circuiting while Susan patted her back in mock sympathy. "You've also seen him with his son and that's bound to change things, considering how much you adore Scorpius." Ginny gave her a knowing smirk. "Speaking of, how was the drop-off? Al was bouncing all over the house this morning. Lily almost bit him. Thankfully, she reconsidered when he offered her his juice." Hermione chuckled. "It went well." Which reminded her of something else. "You never told me that you were planning to send Albus and Scorpius to the same school." "Oh." Ginny appeared genuinely confused. "I thought Malfoy told you. I just assumed he did." "It's not an issue, I think it's great." "Yes, James starts school next week and Lily starts nursery school. We were going to put him in until the decision was made, because I was concerned that there wouldn't be space otherwise, but Malfoy said that he can join Scorpius' tutoring sessions until we find a school for them both. He also said not to worry about space because they could make room." "Oh." Hermione could almost hear Ginny's words in his voice. A slight chill washed over her at the exact moment a breeze made her reach for her bonnet. Ginny's hair was perfectly braided in a low style and she had no issues, just a few flyaways she tucked behind her ear. "Scorpius is good for Al, and I think the reverse is true, too. I think we're all in agreement that we want to do what's best for them both. As long as it all works out, I'm learning not to ask questions with him." Almost as if he knew they were discussing him, Draco's eyes raised from his book. He looked directly at Hermione and nowhere else. And she looked back. "I still ask questions." "I can imagine." Ginny paused. "I think he and Harry had drinks together last week." "What?" Both Parvati and Susan leaned forward simultaneously. They exchanged looks and the journalist asked the pertinent follow up question. "So, are they friends? That would beÑ" "I'm not sure if friends is the right word, but Harry's irritation has calmed down. Besides, Albus and Scorpius areÑ" "He doesn't do anything in halves." Words Draco had spoken to her before. More than once. His past actions showed there wasn't much he wouldn't do for Scorpius, and if that meant building a bridge with Harry, then so be it. "I wouldn't mind if he didÑow Susan!" Parvati scowled. "I was kidding. Somewhat." "Maybe you shouldn't objectify him." "He's fit, standoffish, and wearing Regency clothes. Oh, and not to mention he's holding a baby who happens to be his niece. Look, he's checked off so many of my boxes that the only thing I can do is objectify him." Susan considered her friend's argument then made a face. "Okay, that's fair. But maybe don't do it in front of Hermione. She has snogged himÑ" Parvati screamed. Loudly. Everyone jolted. Ginny grabbed Hermione's arm while Susan smacked a hand over Parvati's mouth. Even Draco moved as if there was a danger. Halia was none too pleased about being jostled, if her fussing was any indication. He stood and walked around until she settled from the fright, stopping at the table with her changing bag before rifling around in search of her dummy. Which she didn't take. Hermione could see the trouble looming in the distance. "Are you calm?" Parvati nodded, her eyes still bugged wildly. The moment Susan released her, the witch took a deep breath. "Okay, okay. Sorry for screaming but I'm perfectly calm." Parvati turned to Hermione and grabbed her arm. "I need details. When? Why? How? WasÑ" "Ginny can fill you in. She saw it." At least that one. Hermione excused herself with one destination in mind: Draco. There was a slightly frazzled look on his face as Halia continued squirming, still upset about being jolted. Hermione rested a hand on the baby's head to comfort her, shushing her gently until she accepted the dummy but held her glare. "Daphne's almost finished." She smiled, eyes still on the grumpy Halia. "She'll probably want to take her in if you want to walk her over toÑ" Hermione looked up and found heavy grey eyes on her. It was not the first time he'd looked at her like this, but that didn't make it any less uncomfortable. She took a deep breath when he looked away. He started in Daphne's direction with a now quiet baby, and Hermione would have followed behind him, but Draco slowed to match her pace. When they passed Ginny, Susan, and a wide-eyed Parvati, she glared at them for staring. The hand off was quick and Daphne took her inside, along with Blaise and Padma. Which left them alone. "I thought I'd take a walk in the hedge maze." Draco looked past her. "Join me?" "The chances of running into Pansy and Percy areÑ" "Low. It's been a while." He smoothed a hand down his waistcoat and started in the direction of the hedges with Hermione at his side. Their pace was leisurely as the sun began to peek out from the clouds. "Someone shouldÉ" He eyed her, noticing the rapidly growing amusement on her face. "What?" "You're concerned, but I would be more so if she came out of the hedges alone. Pansy's been a spiralling mess since they broke up. It's obvious she has feelings about it. About him. But I don't know what happened." Draco said nothing as they entered the hedges and walked along the path in the grass. The sun was shining on them, now free of the cloud cover, and the wind rustled through the neatly-trimmed bushes. When Hermione turned towards the first opening in the bushes, a gloved hand wrapped around hers and steered her straight. Right where he wanted. "You know the way, don't you?" "We used to play in this maze as children." He maintained his grip. The second turn was a quicker one, and his hand went to her back to alter her course. "Follow me." And she did, slowing her steps when he did before a turn, and running her hands along the hedge wall. There were pockets of tended plants that gave the maze colour in a sea of green. They passed by benches and Hermione almost wanted to stop and sit to enjoy the ambiance and breathe in the scent of fresh air and life itself. To enjoy the silence. But walking with Draco was a similar experience. He served as an atlas in this maze where Hermione had little knowledge of the terrain. His body language was open enough, easy to read, and his hand never left hers. Warmth barely felt through gloves. "Pansy's scared." The cadence of Draco's voice was subtle yet effective in drawing Hermione's attention away from the nature around them. It made it hard to focus on anything else. "Of what?" "Percy." He slowed to a stop and turned his head, catching her eyes. "She's scared of what he makes her want. What he makes her feel." Hermione held her breath in the silence between his words; the hedges felt as though they were closing in on them. Her heart skipped out of rhythm when his hand slipped from hers and returned to his side. "There's nothing wrong with feeling." Draco clasped his hands behind his back. "But in doing so, you are creating something to lose." "I don't understand the issue. She loves him." Hermione gathered her curls over one shoulder. "Wait. She told you this? Daphne's been trying all week to get her to speak more than monosyllables. She could have talked to me, too." A small part of her wondered why Pansy felt she couldn't, but an even smaller part assumed she'd wanted space and not attention. Pansy wasn't the sharing sort. She kept her cards close, only laying them down strategically, and never without considering the possibility that the card could be displayed for everyone to see. "In so many words, we've discussed the situation." Which was a cryptic statement laced with the language of subtext Draco was known to use. "Have you?" Hermione peered at him. "Have I what?" "Ever wanted anything like that?" She opened her mouth for an automatic answer then shut it. "Not really." But with increasing frequency, there were momentsÉ "And there's your answer for why she hasn't spoken to you about it." Draco started walking again, but his pace wasn't as leisurely, and she hurried to keep up. Her mind wandered as she studied his words, dissecting them one by one, piece by piece, and syllable by syllable. Then deeper. Hermione heard them, understood them, and arrived at a conclusion all her own that made her eyes widen. Maybe it wasn't right, but his statement led her to the doorstep of the truth of their similarities and all the reasons Pansy knew to confide inÑ The thought came to an abrupt halt when they rounded another hedge and heard voices on the other side. "I'm prepared to follow you all over this maze." Percy's voice was calm and deliberate. Firm but earnest. "However long it takes. Whatever it takes to convince youÑ" "I can't." Pansy's voice broke. "I can't be hollowed out like that again, I won't go back to feeling like I'm worthless." "You know I'm notÑ." "I refuse to go from one trophy collection to another." Pansy's words held more emotion than Hermione had ever heard from her. It left Hermione speechless. "You think you love me but I guarantee when you get me, when you know me, you'llÑ" "I already know you." Percy's voice was low but it echoed loud in the tense silence. "I don't know everything, but I know enough to mean exactly what I said. Trust me." The air practically vibrated until her words cut through like a knife. "I don't know how." Her choked sob was soft and full of so much pain it made Hermione's chest ache. Her head hurt and her eyes watered from hearing her friend's moment of painful vulnerability. Draco's hand returned to her back and took them another way. The last thing she heard was Percy's steady voice laced with a plea. "Please let me show you." From the top of the stairs, Hermione waited. At least an hour had passed since she'd gone from standing at the railing to sitting, an hour more since everyone had gone inside. The sun had long since begun its descent towards the horizon, part of its journey hidden by clouds and towering trees in the distance. The air had taken on a slight dampness that indicated Pansy's perfect day would end in rain. Hermione heard the thunder rumble in the distance but still she remained, waiting for two people to emerge from the hedge maze. But she was not alone. Daphne was pacing behind her. Four steps to the right. Turn. Four steps to the left. Turn. She had been at it for the last half hour; her nervous energy caused Hermione's to climb until she could no longer take it. After two more revolutions, she raised her hand. No words were needed for Daphne to take it and sit down next to her. Neither let go while they waited together, leaning on each other for support. "She told me she loves him," Hermione confessed in the silence. "Hearing herÑ" "Pansy's marriageÑfor lack of a better wordÑbuggered her up mentally. Her ex-husband controlled everything, including her communication. He hid all my letters. Every attempt I made to bridge the gap between usÉ Pansy didn't have a single thought of her own for years. She felt like more of an object than a person, and his family treated her worse with each year she didn't conceive." Hermione looked down and listened. "She's been in therapy since she left but Percy was the first man that caught her attention." Daphne's sigh was deep enough for Hermione to feel the weight of it. "I warned him early on about the damage they inflicted on her, not in detail, but he got the point. I didn't thinkÉ" Daphne sighed again. "I encouraged her to give him a chance because I know what kind of man he is. I didn't consider how serious things would get, how deeply she would fall, orÑ" "The extent of her pain," Hermione finished. Or her ability to self-sabotage. "I doubt you could haveÑ" They both stood up when they saw Percy emerge from the hedge maze holding Pansy with her arms draped around his neck. Daphne rushed over to them while Hermione waited at the top of the steps. She couldn't hear the conversation, but Daphne stayed by his side. When they made their way up the stairs, Hermione was waiting. "She's fine." Percy was solemn while Hermione looked over Pansy, taking in her streaked makeup, undone hair, and the way she was clinging to him. "She fell asleep. Does Blaise have a hangoverÑ" "I have one in my bag. I'll get it." "Thanks." He adjusted her in his arms. "Do you think he'll mind if we stay the night?" "No," Daphne answered as they all moved indoors. "She was already planning to. I'll show you to her guest room. Do you need anything to change into? GinnyÑ" "I can ask Gin to go to my flat, if needed, but I'd rather get her situated. I'll need your help." Daphne nodded. "Of course. Hermione, can youÑ" "Yes. I'll let everyone know." As it turned out, they were all waiting in the sitting room. Draco and Ron were playing a game of wizard's chess and appeared to be evenly matched, both frowning in heavy concentration at the board while Harry and Ginny watched. Blaise and Theo were talking next to the twins and Susan, who were on the sofa. When they saw her, everything stopped. "How's Pansy?" Ginny asked. "Do youÑ" "Percy's taking her to her guest room and Daphne's going to change her clothes, but he'll need a change of clothes, too, if you have a bit to get them from his flat." His sister nodded, already standing and excusing herself to the Floo in the office just across the hall. "Also, I doubt Pansy will make it to dinner so let's all agree we'll make up for that at a later date. For now, though, I think we should get tonight's dinner situated." "Don't worry about that, we have it under control." Padma looked at Blaise who nodded calmly. "Give us an hour." Plenty of time. There was just one thing she was missing. "Has anyone seen my bag?" "In the drawing room." Padma pointed her down the hall. "I didn't want to misplace it." Hermione backed out of the room and was halfway down the hall when she heard approaching footsteps. Looking over her shoulder, she spotted Ron and slowed until he caught up for them to make the trek together. She didn't mind the company. The day had been long and she was looking forward to dinner, wine, and time to decompress. "Sorry about all that earlier, with the ideal woman talk." Ron ran a hand through his hair. "I deliberately listed you because I was trying to get Lisa to break up with me." "What?" She cut her eyes at him. "Wait. So thatÑ" "I've tried to break up with her a few times but she wasn't getting the message, and she kept trying to justify how right we were for each other when all I could see was howÑ" Ron looked embarrassed. "Is thatÉ how you felt?" "Yes." There was also the issue of everyone wanting her to take a second look in his direction, but Hermione wisely kept quiet about that. "I get it now." "Good." Hermione kept walking. "But I don't think it's fair you used me to break it off with her." "I know it's childish but I was desperate." Hermione's irritation grew with every step. "I understand why you felt like you had to do that, but you need to have an actual conversation with her. Sever it completely. Putting me in the middle of your relationship is just going to make her unfairly blame me." "I'll give her a few days to calm down," Ron said once she opened the door to the drawing room. "Good luck with that." She went to her bag right away and retrieved the hangover potion. "Here, take this to Percy for Pansy." Ron accepted the vial and was about to turn around when he stopped. "I do have a question." "I think it would be really awkward to give you advice onÑ" "Actually, it's about Malfoy." Ron had that look on his face. The speculative one. "Today, when he described his ideal woman, I thought heÑ" He shook his head again. "Never mind." "Okay?" "It's justÉ you two seem awfully close. I saw you go into the hedge maze with him andÑ" "Just ask me whatever it is that you want to know. I'm too tired to play games." "Are you with him?" The question made her recoil. "That's none of your business." "As your friend, it isÑ" "Actually, no it isn't, whether you're a friend or enemy or something in between. It's none of your business because who I date has no bearing on you." Ron was quiet. "I've seen the way you look at him. You fancy him, Hermione." "I'm allowed to look at whomever I want, however I want, and for whatever reason. I'm allowed to be attracted to him. I am attracted to him." Hermione clenched her fist. "Moreover, there's nothing wrong with Draco. You're too old to give me the 'but it's Malfoy' talk and I'm too wise to entertain it." "Hermione, heÑ" "The fact that you have the audacity to come to me about Draco when you've thrown Lisa in our faces boggles my mind. She is literally foul, has been foul to me and everyone else with every interaction we've had with her." "Ginny hinted at it, and I know my mum didn't like her much, but I thought she was just nervous. Today, how she talkedÉ" "Right. All that and not once did I question your judgment or your relationship. Meanwhile, you want to have a conversation about Draco, who hasn't said one offensive word to you or anyone. Sarcastic, yes. Provoking, sure. But not rude and definitely not cruel." "That may be trueÑ" "I don't see you cornering Harry about his friendship with Draco either." "That's different." "It's no different than us becoming friends. I treat his mother. We're both working with Percy. We have things in common and it's natural that weÑ" "Harry told me that he watches you, and when I finally noticed, I couldn't help but see it. I'm just warning you. He doesn't want to be your friend." "Worry about your own life before you advise me on mine." "He's always beenÑ" "I have done nothing wrong and everything right to try and preserve our friendship since our breakup. If you can't respect my boundaries, or the people I choose to spend time with, it won't end well for our friendship." Ron gave her another hard look and stormed out. Hermione left as well, her feet carrying her through the ground level of the Manor until she came across a small open reading area tucked off in the corner. It was beautifully decorated with two walls of floor to ceiling bookshelves and a third housed a large window with a view of the hedge maze. Artful furniture was placed throughout the space, a small sofa and the gaudiest chair she had ever seen, but it was surprisingly cosy. There was at least an hour until dinner and Hermione looked forward to the time alone. This was the perfect hiding place to do just that. Hermione skimmed the shelves, recognising classics and other books in foreign languages she couldn't speak. All pristine. All early editions. All lined up in order by subject. She made her selections and was narrowing them down when someone cleared their throat. Fully prepared to speak as she turned, the words died when she saw Draco. "Padma's been looking for you." "Oh?" Her eyes tracked him as he entered the room and sat on the sofa just behind her. "She sent you?" "No, I was looking for a quiet place to read until dinner." He held up the book in his hand before straightening his glasses. "Nobody comes here yet here you are." It didn't sound like something he wanted. "You're irritated with me." Hermione tried to make it sound less like an accusation but that's what it was. "You've been irritated with me since yesterday at the library." "I spend most of my time frustrated with you." "You could tell me why." Draco gave her a dark look. "How's Pansy?" He'd excused himself when Daphne joined them for the wait, but the subject change irked her. "Asleep. I don't know the result of what we overheard but Percy seemed more relaxed than he's been all week. I sent Ron to give them the hangover potion." "Was that before or after he left in a rush?" "We had an argument." Hermione took her book to the window, looking out before opening it to the first page. "He'll stew and get over it. Or he won't. I'm not going to explain myself for the same actions that Harry gets a free pass for." "Pertaining to me." Draco's book was open but he wasn't reading. "I didn't hear everything. Just enough to understand the gist." "Oh." "Given his behaviour and comments at lunch, one would think Weasley stillÉ wants you." "I don't think he truly wants me, but I know he's not what I want." Draco said nothing for so long Hermione almost forgot he was sitting there. Almost. There were little things he did to remind her of his presence. A soft clearing of his throat. The flipping of a page in his book. Small noises she chased until the sharp anger declined, and the sour mood she was in peeled back. Levelled. "What do you want?" The question was loud in the silence. Hints of hesitation in his voice made her wonder if he was testing the waters of this topic without knowing where the current would take him. Hermione also found herself on unsteady ground. Not because of the words he hadn't said but because of the ones he had. "What?" "I've heard in great detail what you don't want, but not what you do." Draco shut the book and placed it on the sofa along with his glasses. "You either don't know or you haven't allowed yourself to figure it out. Either way, it leavesÉ many things open to interpretation." "I think I make myself perfectly clear." "Your words, yes, but your actions?" Draco tsked. "They aren't always clear." After rising to his feet, he approached her. Each step made Hermione more tense than the last until she realised she was wrinkling the pages of the book she'd opened. Quickly, she smoothed it out before shutting it, but not before he joined her at the window. "When have I not been clear with you?" Draco cut his eyes at her and returned to staring out the window. That was obviously not a question he was going to answer. "How do you interpret me?" "You never answered my question." His voice was soft yet firm. "What do you want, Granger?" "In general?" Hermione shrugged. "Happiness and good health for my friends andÑ" "Not for them, for yourself." Her heart kicked up at the way Draco studied her. A change in subject might be good, or maybe she could answer in a way to shift the mood. Something. But Hermione knew he wasn't going to let her off easily. Not without honesty. It wasn't his way. "Why do you want to know?" "Why don't you want to answer?" Draco sat at an angle in the chair right next to her with his arms folded and his gaze heavy. The ornate thing looked almost like a throne. It put a little distance between them but not enough. He still felt close. He was waiting for a response. But what looked like the start to an impasse came to an end when Hermione bravely turned to him. "I want so many things I can't put them into words but also nothing at all." "This sounds like another non-answer." She bit back a smile. "You're famous for those." "I am, which is how I can recognise it." He straightened his back. "Try again." "I could always change the subject." "You could." Draco shrugged. "But you won't." "I don't like the question, but I suppose that won't stop people from asking me until I express myself." "Go on." "I want to be happy, fulfilled, accomplished, and most of all, to feel that the impact I have on the universe and others has some meaning, even if only a little." Hermione chanced another look out the window, feeling far too exposed. "But alsoÉ I want to be seen." "I see you." The tension inside of her broke and she chuckled, tearing her eyes from the window to the seated man. "Well, of course you do, you're looking at me." "I'm realising that your misunderstanding of me is deliberate." Draco's face hollowed out to nothing. "You want to be seen? That's bullshit. You don't." Hermione opened her mouth to argue, but he lifted a hand. "To be seen is to be known and to have your problems laid out and weighed. You set yourself up for judgment, acknowledge your imperfections, and expose them." His statement hit close to home; it made her uncomfortable and defensive. "I've done that with you." "Under duress, not because you wanted to," he snapped. "YouÑ" "I'm not the one that wants to be seen, Granger." "It's not like you're the most open person either." "Am I not? I think I've made myself clear from the start. Meanwhile, you can't even put a name, spare a thought, or even initiateÑ" Draco stopped, took a breath, and looked away. "Never mind." But it was enough for Hermione to put together the pieces of his aggravation. The clues and hints he'd been giving were just waiting for her to understand: she needed to be the first to reach. Draco wanted her to. Hermione took a subconscious step just as the clock on the wall signalled the start of a new hour with a chime. It was time for dinner. "We should go." She stepped back to prepare to lead the way, but Draco grabbed her wrist. She looked down at his hand then up at him. "Why did youÑ" "Fuck it." Draco surged from his chair, voice laden with frustration. "You're insufferable." Then his mouth was on hers. A thrill shocked her system to life before it invaded her body: her skin, her veins, her chest. It bled into every nerve. And Draco was right there chasing the feeling, too. He released her wrist to frame her face, and expressed his exasperation through the pressure of his lips. Swept up, flashes of thoughts and questions and feelings swirled around her head, but the first touch of his tongue was like static. White noise narrowed her world to nothing more than her matching his pace, moving in sync, and drinking him in. Letting Draco fill her awareness to the brim with himÑonly him. Dangerously honest. Deliriously true. No outside factors. Just them. Understanding opened a dam without warning, and unleashed an onslaught of confusion coupled with clarityÑcalm with anxiety. But the moment Hermione reached for him, seeking more of the truth that spilled from his lips with each rough kiss, Draco tore himself away and left her adrift, choking on ash in the aftermath that felt all too familiar. He returned to the chair and looked out the window. Jaw tight and eyes hard, his body was as stiff as his voice was cold. "I'm tired of wasting kisses on you." Curt. Dismissive. Defensive. "No." It was an out Hermione didn't want to take. "You're not." She first touched his cheek in a move that made him turn away, but before he could, Hermione grabbed his jaw and tipped his head forcefully back towards her. Grey eyes met hers with cold defiance. Words swirled around in her head, poised at the tip of her tongue, but they were so jumbled and messy Hermione couldn't speak. So she moved. Dropping a shaky hand to his shoulder and stepping between his legs, her impulses flared to life as she filled the space between them. Draco's eyes narrowed, burning into hers, unblinking as he tried to read her. Hermione moved on instinct and straddled his lap. Their foreheads touched first, then their noses brushed. A moment passed and they shared everything: air, space, and time in a universe more complex than the feelings that simmered inside of her. Draco's hands skated along the dips and curves of her body before settling on her waist. The contact made her shiver as their lips touched, retreated, and touched once more. Slower. More. Draco inhaled when she moulded herself against him, deepening the kiss and savouring the hint of something sweet on his tongue. Large hands roamed up her back as she bravely reached between them, fumbling with the lace of his breeches and tensing when he pulled away for a moment. "Say yes." Hermione wanted nothing more. "Please." Heat followed. Their intent shifted. Morphed. Changed. It coiled around her core as Draco loosened his breeches. His lips moved over hers like silk while she wiggled on his lap. Her heart thundered as she fell deeper into the kiss and closed her eyes. Slipping under her dress, his hands climbed higher and higher in search of something. He touched her like there was nothing between them. Hermione was breathless by the time Draco found what he was looking for. The first brush was just that. A soft touch. Experimental. One finger slid between the lips of her cunt, awakening every nerve and calling them to sharp attention. A soft moan slipped out, a wordless plea to continue, but it died when his touch transitioned to a finger slipping inside of her centre. Her head was spinning as the moment swelled. Draco's touches turned into caresses until she was grinding on his finger. Then he added a second. Each incidental brush against her clit made her shudder and clench. He cursed against her lips. "Fuck, is thisÑ" "Don't stop." Hermione welcomed the intoxicating rush of his long fingers stretching her, pushing in and out, and building to a rhythm that made her pant against his parted lips. It had been so long since she'd been touched like this. They were too far gone now for her to even think about retreating. She welcomed the fire and smoke of desire that had lived in her lungs for months. Now she was ready to suffocate. She was ready to burn. There was no option but to give in. To let go. The blaze came with the understanding that the flames between them were a symbol of purification and life, transformation and creation. Nature was taking its course. Draco's presence scorched her skin, spread through her veins, and settled into the centre of her being. For once, she allowed her want to consume her. Hermione breathed new life into their connection when she pulled him free of his breeches and touched him for the first time. The move made Draco grit his teeth and kiss her harder, demanding her attention as he grabbed her waist to keep her steady. She angled herself over him and slowly sank down on his cock with a series of hisses and shaky gasps. The chorus of his consumption matched. The sensation was both overwhelming and not enough. The heat. The stretch. All Hermione could do was watch when Draco's eyes shut, strained but blissed out. The almost painful gasp that escaped once she was fully seated on his cock drove her to the brink. Not now. Not yet. Hermione distracted herself with his lips. Greedy and hungry, she kissed him, trying to ignore every urge to move. They both needed to get used to the fullness. But a deep, growly moan punched its way from his chest when Hermione rolled her hips the first time. Draco's eyes shot open. "Fuck, you feelÑ" "Gods." She couldn't stop herself from grinding against him again. And again. Moving was a self-fulfilling prophecy that only made her want more. Draco's grip tightened, his eyes rolled back, and a hissing breath fanned across her lips. "Wait." Not possible. Not now. Not when she could feel his cock throbbing inside her, feel how much he wanted her. She wiggled her hips again and Draco looked like he'd been wounded. Face tight, his skin flushed before her eyes. "I can'tÑ" "Please." The word escaped her in a rush. "I won't break." Draco's control incinerating was equivalent to an explosion. Long suppressed, he erupted in a conflagration that consumed them both. His body, lean and tight, found a frantic rhythm in the fallout. Whatever hesitation and worries he'd carried dissolved into nothing. Everything burned until all that was left was an incoherent mix of moans and bitten off words as Draco commanded each dip of her hips. Harder. Draco fucked like he was taking his reward for his patience, like he had to hold on with all his strength and make his mark on her body with every thrust. More. It was frantic. Desperate. Messy. Hermione couldn't keep silent if she wanted to. And neither could he. Firm fingers dug into her skin as he lowered her hips to meet each of his sharp, short strokes. Pain and pleasure blurred her vision. Hermione wrapped her arm around his shoulders, and tangled her fingers in the back of his hair, burying her face in his neck as she melted. There was beauty in destruction, she thought, as they worked themselves into a frenzy of motion. Something sweet in the breakdown of carnage in its wake. Comfort in the balance of contradiction. Peace in a world of chaos. As they lost themselves in the momentÑto the need, to the flames, to each otherÑHermione found something far more important: the beauty found in rebirth and restoration. But she wasn't there yet. She was still burning. Too fast. Too hot. Hermione held on as Draco tensed and his next thrusts beat off rhythmÑfrantic with need. "Yes." No stopping. Waiting. Thinking. Breathing. Hermione tilted her head back, shut her eyes, and let her mouth go slack. Draco was right there, sinking his teeth into the space where her neck met her shoulder. That was all it took for her to clench and moan and shake. She fell into ecstasy, quick and severe, with his name on her lips. Draco held her too tight, grunting and grinding as deep as possible. He followed her over the edge, coming with a string of broken moans she swallowed greedily until it was as it began. Panting breaths left them without words. Their hearts beat out of sync. Peace settled between the complexity created by a spark of immanence and the blaze of everything roaring through her veins. The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire. Ferdinand Foch Source: Jaxxinthebox Chapter End Notes A/N: Hope everyone enjoyed the hiatus! Welcome back. Hope all is well. Also *smirks* Art for this chapter: Draco holding Halia by mignon-chigon & Draco and Hermione forehead touch by artseushi & Draco and Hermione kiss by legasset & Scorp, Albus and Mint by ridasart & Regency Hermione and Draco by ectoheart & Hermione in a Blue Dress by natsdraws Embedded art by Jaxx-in-a-box [ Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Chapter 29: The Inevitable andI Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for more notes Twenty Nine The Inevitable and I September 4, 2011 Talking was a primitive form of expression. It required control of one's muscles and breathing to form words and shape sentences, not to mention a degree of discipline well beyond reach in the hours since she and Draco had agreed to meet after leaving the party separately. Draco went to finish packing while Hermione left to retrieve Scorpius. Already in pyjamas, he was snuggled between Al and James with Lily haphazardly draped over them all. It took a minute, and a glare from a mostly-sleeping three-year-old, who didn't appreciate being moved, but that was long enough for Molly to coo over their day while hand-knitting the beginnings of a little green sweater. "For Scorpius." The lump in her throat didn't go away. Not as she tucked him into bed and spoke gentle words until he stopped stirring. Not even when she went home to shower. But by the time she returned to the Malfoys' home, changed and refreshed, the feeling had diminished, and she was ready to talk. It was just after midnight, and Draco was already reclined on the sofa with a book in hand. Given how quickly he abandoned it when she shut the door behind her, it was obvious he had been waiting for her. Joining him under the covers was easy. Resting her head on his pillow, tangling her hand with his on his chest, feeling the gentle rise and fall of his breathingÑthat took more effort, even if Hermione found comfort in the minutes that followed. It was impossible to lie next to him without steeping in the tension that lingered between them. Thick with unasked questions, the air held the heat that hadn't quite burned off. "Will you regret it in the morning?" A vulnerable question she guessed Draco regretted asking when he looked away to stare at the ceiling instead of her. "No." Satisfied, albeit a bit sore, she relaxed enough for a question of her own to struggle its way out. Whether it was pride or sheer stubbornness keeping her quiet in the moments that followed, she couldn't say, but curiosity never let it linger. "Will you?" "No." Further discussion devolved into whispered fragments. They spoke through touches and between deepening kisses, and the sensory experience of being free to express themselves was nothing short of overwhelming. Neither could stop touching. Holding. Caressing. Hermione was tired but very interested in the hand that slipped under her shirt, splayed across her stomach, and drew her closer. "Are you leaving?" His question was murmured beneath her shallow, panting breaths while his fingers drew circles on her skin. "No." The look exchanged conveyed a thousand words. "I want to see you off. Spend the day with Scorpius. Besides, we probably should talk." "We should." But they didn't. Instead, their hands spoke with impossible eloquence, tongues and lips pulling small, satisfied sounds from each other. The fragility that existed when she'd first arrived dissipated the longer Hermione held on, held him, bravely slipping a hand into his joggers to touch him. "Lift up." Draco was pliant in the late hour. Slightly guarded, he watched her intensely, lips parting in a gasp as she took him in hand, but when he tried to reciprocate, Hermione shook her head. "For you." It wasn't long before he was pushing into her slick fingers to meet each stroke. Face buried in her neck, lips on her jaw, teeth scraping her chinÑhe tried to make it last despite the full-body shiver that passed through him. Hermione took her time, enjoying the weight of his cock in her hand as she touched and tested to find the right combination of pressure and angle, the twist of her wrist, until it punched the air from his lungs. It was exhilarating. The warmth. The sounds he made. The shifting intimacy found in their connection. The tension built until the cords of muscle in his neck tightened in response. Draco went rigid, eyes blown wide before closing tight. His orgasm was almost violent. He gripped her wrist just before his cock throbbed, coating her fingers and his stomach; the moan that escaped him bounced off the walls. In the afterglow, and after a cleaning charm, Hermione dragged the blanket over them both before she curled herself against him. It wasn't long until slow, sated kisses turned into the simplicity of basking in each other's presence. They fell asleep to the sound of the rain that had started without them noticing. Hermione woke a short time later to Draco trying to slip away without alerting her. After lying in a fugue state between asleep and awake, she finally decided to sit up. By the time she freshened up in the bathroom attached to the guest room, put her hair up, and returned, Draco was dressed in his customary black with a dragon-hide bag in hand. Waiting. "Got everything?" Hermione asked with an odd feeling in her chest. "I could annoy you with a list." Draco's answering huff sounded more amused than not. "Come here." It was far too early for goodbye, but knowing this was their final moment alone before Scorpius woke, Hermione met him in the middle. She slipped her arms around him, locking her fingers together, and lifted her eyes to his. Shuffling through the normal phrases said to someone prepared to leave, she flipped past goodbye, past hollow, unintelligible sentiments, and past saying nothing at all, before settling on something honest. "Stay safe." Draco said nothing, only curled a hand behind her head. His palm was warm on her cool neck when he pressed a kiss against her forehead. His lips lingered so long Hermione shut her eyes. Breathed. Carved the moment into her memory while wondering if he was doing the same. But then Draco stepped back, bursting the bubble around them, and everything returned to normal. Hermione fixed breakfast, Draco worked on his crossword puzzle, and Scorpius was sent down in casual clothes. He was both surprised and pleased to see her, but he knew what was coming. They'd talked to him at length in the prior days, setting expectations and leaving no room for surprises. Still, he hovered at his dad's side, sharing more than eating his meal. It took some coaxing from his father for him to eat, and a little more from her when Draco gave him the two-way journal and showed him how to use it. They tested how quickly the messages could be sent back and forth until it was time to go. Goodbyes were hard. After staring blankly in response to her pointed glare, Draco exhaled and muttered a gruff goodbye to the cactus. The little boy's smile was still bright and pleased when Draco led the way outside and hugged his son with growing ease. Scorpius settled in his dad's arms and didn't let go until there were two minutes left before the Portkey activated. But Draco held on just as tight. For just as long. On his knees in the centre of the garden with his bag hoisted over his shoulder. Hermione stood at a distance to give them privacy, and watched Draco speak words to Scorpius she was too far away to hear while the little boy nodded his head, still holding his hand. Draco looked at her for the first time. A small nod prompted her to move. Standing behind his son, she placed her hands on Scorpius' shoulders as Draco rose to his full height. "The notes are on my desk." Pre-written just in case Scorpius didn't take to the journal. "Full moon is on the twelfth. Stay here." "I will." Hermione cast a glance in the direction of the door. "Where's Narcissa? She should Ñ" "My mother despises goodbyes." Draco picked up the PortkeyÑa gaudy, gold FabergŽ egg. "She wished me well yesterday." His eyes flickered down to his son who signed I miss you. The expression on his face softened and the corner of his lip quirked as he rested a hand on Scorpius' head before looking at her. A beat of silence passed. A look. Then Draco stepped back and the Portkey activated. He was gone in an instant. Scorpius waved at the empty space, and that time, so did she. September 7, 2011 Success was a fluid concept, one that changed based on one's current or most immediate accomplishments. Hermione was on day two of her latest achievement. After a deep dive through the books from the library on Sunday while Scorpius watered the plants in the conservatory and napped after a snack, and walking Narcissa through the steps the next day, Hermione assisted in setting complex, anti-Apparition wards to the Malfoys' home. And later, to hers and Andromeda's, too. Narcissa hadn't accidentally Apparated since, which served as proof Roger's theory would work when applied to an object. Hermione already noticed the smoothing of the edges around Narcissa's eyes. The stiffness of her demeanour began to relax as her worries about finding herself in another room or another place ebbed. It was worth every inconvenience. Today had been a relatively good one: only one incident of forgetfulness Keating reported overnight and another muscle tremor concern Sachs helped her through. The frequency was still unsettling with the potion brewing looming in the future, but Hermione couldn't worry about everything beyond her control. What she did instead was cut back perennials while Narcissa deadheaded roses. Together, they planted pansies and forget-me-nots in borders and dug holes to plant kale. The healthy flush on Narcissa's face matched her own, both tired from the laborious tasks. The decision to take a break on the swing was unspoken, but a good idea acknowledged in the exchange of looks once they sat down. There was a nip in the breeze that hadn't been there two weeks ago. Autumn was in the air. More than summer or spring, its arrival always caught Hermione unaware. She never noticed the shift. One day the leaves were green and alive, and the next they were tinged with yellows and reds, both falling and floating in the wind, colouring the world in a comforting, golden light different from the summer's brightness. Softer. "You are quiet today, Miss Granger." Narcissa broke the comfortable silence between them. "Uncharacteristically so. I do not believe you have spoken a combined twenty words since we started working." "Believe it or not, sometimes I'm not inclined to speak." The sound that escaped Narcissa was impolite and preceded her infamous judgmental look. "There have been very few days since making your acquaintance when you are not expressing your thoughts, beliefs, or opinions in some fashion." Her comment felt like a slight even though it was an observation of fact. "For the last few days, however, you have seemed mostly distracted. Perhaps you are tired or your increased involvement in my grandson's care in Draco's absence has occupied more of your time than expected." Hermione had to remind herself not to take the tempting bait. The topic itself was still sore, despite the diminishing tension between her and Draco. But Catherine had her marching orders, and should any emergency arise, she was to defer to Hermione. Shocking news for her, but it made sense given Narcissa's state. In truth, Hermione expected Narcissa to reassert herself in Scorpius' day-to-day planning in Draco's absence, but she hadn't. Her questions to Catherine each day were less pointed and more curious. As was her interest regarding Hermione's new activity with Scorpius. With security a safe distance behind them, they walked to the park near the Malfoys' home. The trips began as a whim. After Draco's departure, she thought a walk might help him settle, but Scorpius stopped at the playground. For over an hour, he sat a short distance away and watched the other children play. Hermione thought the entire trip a failure until he asked to return, signing the request with hope in his eyes. Hermione made the proper arrangements. The next two visits he circled each apparatus as though inspecting it, but yesterday he sat on the swing, held the chains, and looked up at Hermione to push. Please. Hermione pushed him, though not high enough to lose sight of the ground. But it turned out Scorpius wasn't afraid of flying. The higher he went, the harder he laughed. "No," Hermione replied with the memory of small cheeks stained with exhilaration. "My involvement with Scorpius has little to do with my silence." Scorpius was her calm in the middle of a storm. "I'm thinking about the changing seasons." Hermione rested her elbows on the top of the swing with a small sigh. "Not too long ago, everything was green. Now I can't help but see the leaves changing colours. It's strange never knowing what triggers the first one to turn. By the time I notice, it's already too late." "Why does it matter? Leaves will always turn in autumn. It is nature." Narcissa was staring off in the distance with her hands clasped on her lap. "Nature follows its own whims and cues, which have little to do with your preferences or your desire to witness the moment." "There's nothing wrong with wanting to understand." "There is when your quest for knowledge distracts you from being able to appreciate the beauty." "That's quite sentimental of you." "It is not." Narcissa lowered her voice to something close to a whisper. "It is the product of my increasing awareness." In a move that was oddly relaxed and casual, Narcissa rested her elbow on the arm of the swing. "Perhaps my sister and Draco are right. I should collect memories instead of holding on. Things I want to relive. Moments I don't want to forget." "Why wouldn't you want to preserve your memories?" "It is easy to become too attached and forget to make new ones." Hermione instantly thought of Theo and the memories he carried. The silence that followed was new but not unfamiliar. Much like their time in the field, Hermione had a similar feeling of thoughtful stillness and existence in the moment of their own creation. "Will you have dinner with Scorpius tonight despite Draco's absence?" The stab of defensive unease made her straighten from her relaxed position, mouth and mind ready to argue, but Hermione stopped, knowing the importance of maintaining a level head. Narcissa was always testing her, even in times of peace, just waiting for what she could suss out in the heat of the moment. "I plan to." Her response was overly careful. "How did youÑ" "I pay attention to these things and know more than I will speak on." Her eyes slid over to Hermione. "At least until the time is right." There was no need to read between any lines when it was spelled out so clearly. "However." Narcissa finally looked at her. "I am working to improve my relationship with Draco. As of late, I recognise that stating my opinions about his involvement in the restoration or asking questions about you will not achieve that goal." "Then why bring it up?" "I promised not to meddle or pry, but I am still his mother. I am still protective of him. I worry. I have quieted my wishes and opinions about his refusal to consider remarriage to someone suitable at this time, but they persist." Suitable. Hermione bristled. "If you have questions for him concerning me, you could ask me instead." "I could." Narcissa stood and picked up her gloves. The soft sunlight caught her at the perfect angle when she cast a look over at Hermione. "But you do not yet know the answer and it is nearly time for my therapy appointment. Mr Gates shares your appreciation for punctuality." She led the way to the cottage and Hermione fell in step beside her, still shaking off the comment all while knowing the conversation they were building to. Ready or not, it seemed inevitable. "How is occupational therapy going with Mr Gates?" The perfect opportunity for a necessary subject change. "I am certain you have read his notes." She had. Thrice. Hermione was still reviewing the ones that had just arrived following their most recent meeting, which had gone just as well as the others. The care plan developed by the therapist only cemented her opinion that they should have been involved all along. Simple things she hadn't considered were now being implemented; altering the clocks to add the date, improving the lighting in the home, labelling the doors after Narcissa confessed to forgetting where rooms were, memory and orientation strategies. They discussed Hermione's course of care thus far in extreme detail, with her laying out the plan for the potion and making tweaks to what she had already established. As a Squib who understood the luxury of magic, Mr Gates liked the idea of incorporating magic into his care, and they exchanged information with a schedule to meet monthly and discuss goals. Body. Mind. Emotions. Quality of life. Four areas they would work together to improve. "I want to know your thoughts on all of these changes," Hermione said. "It's most important to me that you're comfortable." "I am." Narcissa fell silent. "I will not say it is or will be easy. Nothing is." Hermione opened the door with a wave of her hand, gesturing for the older witch to lead the way. She thought Narcissa would continue through the conservatory on her way out, but something caught her eye. Something Narcissa hadn't noticed on their way outside. The rose had not died. A sign that it would take root over winter. "Red gallicas. They remind me ofÉ" Narcissa loomed closer, attention zeroed in. "I-I can't remember." "They're from the Manor's rose garden." She heard Narcissa's small intake of breath. "You've been there?" "Once. With Draco." "He went there?" Her voice was but a whisper, her skin paleÑshe looked stricken for a moment before her attention returned to the plant. "I never thought he would return." "We needed plants from the greenhouse to brew your experimental potion." "Oh." She placed a hand on her chest. "And the rest of the roses? How are they?" "Overgrown and wild. They thrive in spite of the chaos." Hermione could feel the weight on her shoulders, the emotions she would never admit to feeling. "The Apothecary's Rose." Narcissa suddenly kneeled before the potted plant. "Grown for its medicinal properties. It will spread and outgrow this container. I am unsurprised you recognised its benefits." "I didn't." Hermione watched Narcissa touch the new growth with careful fingers. "I picked it for you." Narcissa's head turned quickly. "Me?" The concept appeared foreign. "You and I, weÑ" "We agree on very little, have clashed since our first conversation, but I respect our differences, however frustrating they may be." Hermione settled next to her, resting a hand over where hers was splayed on her jeans. "You might not think of me in the highest of regards, we might not ever see eye-to-eye, but I think we're good at sitting side-by-side." The joining was evident when Narcissa flipped her hand over and held Hermione's tight. "Perhaps we can, Miss Granger." Her voice was soft, eyes still on the rose. "Thank you for this." But there was no gratitude needed. "I thought you might want a piece of home." September 14, 2011 A mother's intuition. It was a sixth sense of sorts that made it so Ginny didn't have to look up from choosing a bottle of wine to yell for James to stop trying to creep to the game room and go back to bed. Hermione hadn't heard any noises or creaking floorboards and was about to laugh and comment on her friend's paranoia when she heard a whispered apology from the top of the steps. Smothering her laughter into her fist, she tried to disguise it as a delicate cough. Ginny wasn't fooled. She never was. The Potter's new home was on a quiet street in Richmond where there were lots of families with children. Ginny wanted a location with activities for the children close to home and Harry wanted modest. The home they chose was a nice compromiseÑsimilar to their last home, but with more space and nicer amenities, which included a larger kitchen. They took advantage of it that night when Hermione visited with Scorpius. Knowing Ginny had her hands full in Harry's absence, she brought over ingredients needed to make pizza with the kids. To give her a break. With dinner consumed, dishes washed, and games played, Hermione read bedtime stories for Al, Scorpius, and Lily while James watched a show on the telly before being shooed to bed. If she were being honest, Hermione was tired from a day of work with Narcissa, preparing for a volunteer project, and spending time with four energetic children. She was ready for whatever wine Ginny chose. Whenever that happened. "You're surprisingly indecisive tonight." Hermione eyed her friend. "I'm not indecisive, I'm just trying to remember which one has the highest alcohol content. If you hadn't come over, I would've ended the night with firewhisky and nature shows." Odd. Ginny watched the telly least of anyone she knew. It had taken years for Harry to convince her to let them have one. "Since when do youÑ" "Harry can't sleep without someone narrating about nature and I struggle to sleep when he's not here." Ginny ran a hand through her hair. "I hate sleeping alone, so it helps." Which was the basis of Hermione's visit. She would always worry, regardless of how long Harry was gone. The stories coming out about the attacks and arrests in the papers had put Ginny on edge. Hermione was, too, but she had the luxury of not looking at the paper each day. Ginny did not. The kids were also asking when he would return home whenever he had a moment to Floo call. In the end, she was just like anyone else with someone out in the field. Waiting. Hermione did so quietly and by herself as she witnessed another family's wait. Scorpius and Narcissa. She had been worried about the separation anxiety of the former, but Draco wrote in their two-way journal every morning and night, and Hermione started each day with a note he carried, keeping things as normal as possible. Draco also spoke to his mother briefly twice. Or at least that was what she'd been able to gather from Narcissa. Draco hadn't contacted her at all. Hermione had spent the last week at the bottom of the well of psychoanalysis where she mulled and overanalysed every little thing until she arrived at multiple unconnected solutions, then replayed every moment before Draco left and rationalised it further. She categorised and organised every second. Every word exchanged. Every touch. What happened at the party. What happened after. Hermione spent days planning what she was going to say to him to express her irritation at his silence. She wrote it down, threw it in the rubbish, and started again. Over and over until she got it right. Or not. There was still a blank page at home. Not that it stopped Hermione from trying to bury it deep, ready to blame it on dopamine, serotonin, and oxytocin with her own stupidity sprinkled in for good measure. But there was a hitch in her plan. Something Hermione hadn't been able to put into a neat box. Their last kiss. The one that made the least sense was also the one that carried her through his absence and lack ofÑ "Are you okay?" Ginny, who was now seated across from her, poured them both a glass of Port. She was still regarding Hermione with a pinched expression when she took her first sip. It was sweet and rich and would do the trick. "You seem tense." Hermione chuckled. "I probably need this glass of wine as much as you do." They both laughed and clinked their glasses together before Ginny grabbed the bottle and led the way into the living room where they kicked off their shoes, sat with their legs folded on the sofa, and drank wine. Not many words passed between them but Hermione found herself glad that Ginny hadn't turned on the telly. Silence was companionable; it was the sort that could only be found after years of trust and friendship. When they did talk, it was about distracting topics like a piece she was working on, how annoying her editor was, and gossip from Parvati. Nothing about Harry or her worries for him. "How's Pansy?" Ginny poured herself a second glass. "Percy's been quiet about her and what's happening with them, but I do know he hasn't been back to his flat." "That's more news than I know." Hermione held out her glass for more. "Daphne told me she's seeing her therapist more frequently. Knowing Percy, he's not the sort to hover so if he's at her flat it's only because she wants him there." Which was promising. "And you?" Ginny settled back on the sofa. "How are you?" "I'm fine." The redhead squinted. "Okay." She ran a hand over her face, ready to be honest and hoping the wine would warm her to the idea. "I've been busy getting Narcissa adjusted to the Occupational Therapist and readying the garden for autumn and winter. I found a sign language tutor, too, and I've been attending the classes." She had also been working on Narcissa's case study with Roger and gardening with Narcissa, Scorpius, and occasionally Andromeda, who was missing Teddy now that he was back at Hogwarts. It was a good way to pass the time. After their delivery tomorrow, however, Hermione would need a new way to occupy her thoughts. "I think I'll bring over biscuits tomorrow." Ginny cocked a brow then narrowed both eyes suspiciously. "Why are you baking?" "Employee Appreciation Week. I made loads of toffee biscuits today and may have extras. Or perhaps I'll invite you all over to make a batch with the kids. Scorpius would like that." "They will love that. James wants to learn sign language now too so I guess that's his way of saying he approves of Scorpius." They both smiled. "Maybe we can take them apple picking this weekend." "I know a place not too far. DracoÑ" "Finally!" Ginny's outburst startled Hermione so badly she jolted and nearly spilled her wine. "I've been waiting this entire time for you to say his name. Seriously. Eleven bloody days." Hermione didn't know how to react and opted for not reacting at all. She took a drink, waiting for Ginny to continue, only to realise her sneaky friend was going to wait her out. Until she had no more wine left to distract her with. Which was precisely what happened. "I should getÑ" Ginny picked up the bottle and gave her a very familiar smirk. "More wine?" "Are you trying to get me pissed?" "If that'll get you to talk about how you shagged Malfoy at the party, sure." Hermione froze and felt herself flush, squeezing the glass so hard she was surprised it didn't shatter in her hand. Truly at a loss for words, she scrambled to grasp any excuse she could. "I uhhÑ" "Nobody knows except Padma and I." Only a mild relief. Ginny's wince made it clear she could see her approaching mental breakdown. "Before you implode, hear me out." Ginny placed a hand on her shoulder. "Padma was looking for you, but when she heard the sounds, she immediately threw up a Muffliato and stood guard. I came back from bringing clothes to Percy, and the only reason she told me was because I poked until she confessed why she was randomly standing at the end of the hall." "Oh gods." Hermione heard the shrill edge in her own voice. "This is not helping!" "It's fine." She flashed an encouraging smile. "I took watch while she corralled everyone into the dining room. I ended the charm once we were certain everyone was there and you both turned up late with your practised apologies. Nicely done, by the way, arriving in separate doors with different excuses." Hermione knew she was beet red. She could feel the heat of mortification burning her cheeks and twisting her stomach. "I only brought it up because you've been tense." Ginny scooted closer. "Thought you might want someone to talk to." "IÑ" She paused. "Okay, I probably do. My therapist." Ginny barked out a laugh. "I'm horrified." "That it happened or that someone overheard?" Ginny filled up Hermione's glass. "I mean, you both were sort of out in the openÉ" "Not really sure what came over me. I don't regret it, but it wasÉ" Hermione exhaled a puff of air, unable to find the words she'd been mentally searching for ever since. "That good?" She blushed harder, nodding. "I'm nearly thirty-two and I've been reduced to an irresponsible teenager who had to take an emergency contraceptive potion after a frantic shag in a decorative chair." "A bloody fantastic one from the sound of it." "Ginny!" "What?" She bumped her shoulder. "I'm proud of you being impulsive for once. It's a good look. Perhaps you should consider getting on the monthly potion." "I am. I started last week." Hermione looked around before confessing. "Also it wasn't as impulsive as you might think. Draco's been courting me since July." "I know. Harry told me at the party when I asked after you two left to walk the maze." Of course he did. "He was suspicious at the joke shop but told me you all talked last week. I was suspicious at the reunion dinner." "Nothing was happening then." Which led to Hermione detailing the entire story of how they went from snogging at Solstice to shagging at Pansy's party. The fight. The apologies. The shift and change. The conversations that led to her taking Draco's hand and starting all this. By the time she got to their walks and their trick first date, they had both given up the pretence of glasses and passed the bottle back and forth. Ginny's reactions were entertaining. Her eyes got wider and wider the more Hermione talked. She laughed and made little impressed faces, particularly when she told the complete story of what happened after leaving her parents' house. When Hermione finished detailing the morning he left, the bottle was empty and they were tipsy with the threat of becoming incredibly pissed. "All that and you still seem hesitant? I guess I can understand a piece of it. Scorpius." "The stakes are high, not only with Scorpius but with us as well. I've been slow about this." "But he's said he's patient." "Patience isn't infinite and I can't expect his to be. I've seen it run thin. I'm aware that I'm not easy to be with. I wouldn't begin to know how to not be complicated. This is who I am." Hermione shook her head. "Ron's catch phrase with me was 'If you weren't soÉ'" Stubborn. Ambitious. Single-minded. Difficult. Independent. "My brother doesn't always say the best things in the heat of the moment. You know this, but I also think you carry insecurities you need to let go of. Fears you won't admit to. The progression of your relationship is bigger than just the two of you. When the time comes, you need to weigh your options, but I think right now, justÑ" "I haven't talked to him since he left. No notes or owls or Floo calls or anything." Despite her irritation with the silence from his end, she still missed Draco in the oddest of moments. While watering the new plants she'd bought for his terrarium. While reading bedtime stories to his son or walking him to lessons. While making breakfast she'd accidentally look over and expect him to be there. It was bizarre; it had only been ten days, but his absence showed Hermione just how involved he was in her daily life. "Have you reached out?" "Sort ofÉ" The sharpness of Ginny's glare made her a little more honest. "Okay, not really. I peek at his notes to Scorpius when they appear. I-I don't know what to say. I just thought he wouldÉ I thought he might reach out. I'm sort of limited in ways to contact him without looking like a stalker." "I'd tell you not to overthink it but I'm too late. Maybe he wants yÑ" The Floo interrupted their conversation and out stepped a tired and dishevelled Harry carrying a black bag. He lit up the moment his eyes fell on Ginny, who all but sprang to her feet while the wine bottle teetered dangerously close to the edge of the table. It didn't matter. She abandoned everything to kiss then hug her husband just as tight as he held on to her. Peace found in his favourite place in the world. Home. Hermione looked on with a smile, happy for her friendsÑtheir journey hadn't been easy. After hugging Harry, Ginny went to fetch him a drink while Hermione took the armchair so they could have the entire sofa to themselves. "How long have you been back?" "Long enough to turn over evidence and hand my reports to Hestia. Things are relatively under control, evidence gathered and brought to the Ministry for analysis. There was nothing left for us to do." "Are you going in tomorrow?" "Have to finish paperwork but not all day. Malfoy and I are going to work on it together to cut the time down." "Oh, he's back as well?" Hermione tried not to seem too interested, but her stupid pulse was racing. "Uh, yes." "Good. Scorpius will be thrilled." Harry's eyes were just beginning to squint when Ginny returned with a beer she had already opened for him. Hermione stood. "I'll let you both enjoy the quiet night. Will you bring Scorpius by in the morning?" "Of course." It took every bit of her willpower to go home, but she did. September 15, 2011 Hermione was too jittery to sleep. There was much to do and she completed every taskÑcleaning her kitchen and scrubbing out TankÑall before five in the morning. But a heady mix of nerves and anxiety swirled around inside of her like a fog, distracting her during each task and robbing her of the peace of mind she often found in the silence of morning. It made her hesitant. Uneasy. She stood in front of the Floo with her bag packed and a handful of Floo powder. But all she could do was stand still. It was irrational, but feelings never answered to reason. Well. Recently, very few things answered to reason. A gap in her knowledge gnawed at the corners of her mind, whispering about her stress regarding a potential interaction with someone who had shagged her yet hadn't bothered to contact her for almost two weeks. Which wasn't fair. His work was as dangerous as his time had been limited, and he'd divided it accordingly between his mother and son. As he should have. Shaking off her trepidation and standing up straighter, Hermione took a deep breath and scolded herself for being anxious. They were adults, after all. They could have a discussion. With that in mind, she stepped into the Floo and called out her destination. The Malfoys' home was quiet, but signs of life were present where it had been cold and sterile before. It was dark, the room was comfortable, and the mostly-straight cactus still sat on its table by the window. Scorpius had left his parchment and markers on the coffee table; the evidence of Albus' last drawingÑa pumpkin with a smileÑwas still on the pages. The blanket from his father's office was folded and draped over the back of the sofa. She turned to the kitchen andÑ It was empty. Hermione's shoulders sank. Now she felt even more ridiculous for delaying her arrival. With a shake of her head, she placed her bag on the island and started breakfast. Scorpius would likely eat at Harry and Ginny's, and Narcissa needed something hardy for her busy day ahead. Hermione made a vegetable omelette, chopped fruit, and had everything under a stasis charm. "Good morning." Hermione froze at the sound of Draco's voice, eyes widening as her breath caught in her throat. After clearing her throat twice, she forced herself to relax before lifting her eyes to the man still standing in the archway. "Welcome back." She most certainly didn't watch him approach and she pushed aside the irritating twinge of nerves to start water for tea. When Hermione turned around, Draco was standing directly across from her, brow lifted over the rim of his glasses. He'd brought his usual items: crossword book, pen, and the Prophet, and sat each down in a line. But Draco didn't sit. "Have you had tea?" "No." Hermione splayed her hands on the cool island. "But I canÑ" "I'll make it." Draco proceeded to do just that while she plated her meal. "Are you hungry?" "I had a protein drink." "Oh." She fidgeted more, shifting from foot to foot, wanting to dispel the nervous energy before it swallowed her whole. "Scorpius will be back from Harry and Ginny's in a bit and Ñ" "Catherine told me when I arrived last night." Hermione tensed at how close he sounded, despite how low he was speaking. "Turn around, Granger." "I'mÑ" She heaved a heavy breath, put down the knife and did as she was told. Which was a mistake. Standing before Draco alone in the kitchen with the memory and his proximity blurring together made her heart race. Hermione touched her exposed arm and found she had goosebumps despite the comfortable temperature of the room. "Do you need something? The teaÑ" "Is steeping." His voice was probing in a way. Uneasy in others. Tentative masked in calm. "How have you been?" "Fine," Hermione said, fully aware she was about to start babbling but unable to stop. "I set stronger anti-Apparition wards in the house and your mother hasn't had any incidents since. I think infusing her necklace with magic will work. Oh! And if you want an update of her progress with occupational therapy, I canÑ" "No need." Draco shook his head in bemusement. "My mother complains enough." Hermione rubbed her arm twice before folding them across her chest, clearing her throat, and awkwardly looking everywhere except into the eyes of the man who hadn't looked away from her once. "Um. How was your trip?" "You already know the answer." "I do, but I was making conversation as you didn't Floo call me once." Draco folded his own arms and Hermione looked down at her shoes, focusing on the white scuff mark from when she'd helped Pansy paint her en suite. Then she looked at his, which were perfectly polished. "It's not a problem, IÑ" "I was giving you space." His mouth dropped slightly into a frown. "Perhaps that was an error on my part." "Mine as well." Hermione raised her eyes to him and ran a hand through her hair, exhaling a little laugh. "I should have reached out. I'm not used to doing that." "Neither am I." These little moments, when he was almost too honest, always surprised her. And for a second, she saw his unease. Then his resolve. "After breakfast, come to my office." "Why?" Draco never answered. Hermione remained in a state of suspended animation. While running diagnostic tests on Narcissa, she wondered what he wanted. And her eyes kept wandering to him during the entire meal. He drank two cups of tea while Scorpius happily sat between them upon his return home. Not hungry, just happy to see his dad. Narcissa prattled on about her plans, which included a visit to Andromeda's after she finished with therapy. Time seemed to pass slower the more she focused on it so Hermione stopped. Draco walked Scorpius to lessons, and ten minutes later, Narcissa left with Sachs and security. Zippy popped in to clean the kitchen, and Hermione stopped gathering the dishes when he glared at her. Best not to offend the house-elf. There were no excuses left. Hermione made the walk to his office, and as expected, Draco was waiting for her; casually leaned against the back of the sofa, he held a parchment in hand. He looked fresh out of a film and glanced up when she cleared her throat, stepped in, and shut the door behind her with a soft click. "More plants?" His mouth quirked when he nodded in the direction of his now full terrarium. "Um." She felt her face warm. "Your nerve plant didn't like being alone so I bought Golden Pothos, added some moss, and a starfish plant. Scorpius helped pick them out." He'd chosen several more, but his other selections had one thing in common: they were struggling to survive. But he was insistent about his choices when the employee tried to steer them to healthier plants. In the end, Hermione had ended up with free plants in her conservatory garden, and was working to rehab them. This time, she had a helper in Scorpius, who was good at following directions while she showed him what to do. "He was very dedicated to the task of choosing your plants." "I can imagine." Draco's chuckle was low, shoulders shaking slightly before he shut his book and placed it on the end table. He didn't approach, but went to his desk and picked up something she couldn't see because she was too busy fidgeting and running a hand down her jeans until he stood in front of her. "Here." Curiously, she tilted her head at the small bag of seeds in his hand. Hermione scoured her brain in search of anything. "Is this a plant I need for the potion?" "No, it's a daylily." He rubbed his chin with his thumb. "I don't believe it serves a practical purpose outside of being bred to bloom in winter and thrive in this climate and soil condition, but I was also promised one more thing in addition to it being colourful." A gift. Hermione was speechless and a bit flummoxed, but manners regained control and she accepted the seeds with a growing smile on her face. "Thank you." Hermione watched his face carefully. "What colour is it?" "Plant it and find out." The low tone made his statement sound less pompous and challenging than it might have otherwise. "Consider it anÑearly birthday gift." Hermione put the seeds in her beaded bag and shuffled again, not knowing where the conversation was going or if it was over orÑ She took a deep breath. "I've got biscuits to gather up. I'm taking them to the employees for appreciation week and you'reÑ" "Working. For part of the day. Scorpius has a half day so I'm taking him to the Planetarium." Hermione smiled at the sight Draco would make with an excited Scorpius holding his hand. In fact, he looked a bit long-suffering about the entire plan already, but his willingness to even take Scorpius out in public was admirable. "Join us if you're not busy." "Of course." Hermione's smile softened. "What time?" "The show starts at eight, but I'm taking him to dinner." "He'll be grouchy if he doesn't eat." Draco nodded, looking faintly amused before sobering. "Perhaps after he goes to bed, we can have our overdue talk." "Oh?" Hermione blinked. "Yes, we do need to talk. I'll just meet you here at five?" "Yes." "Okay." Which sounded like the true end of the conversation. "WellÑ" "Just one more thing." There was no fanfare or any other words, just his lips pressing against hers. It felt like a greeting. His actual greeting. The thought was no less disarming than her instinct-driven response to kiss him back. Far from their first but still new, even with different context. It was easy to have a simple moment, thrilling to relish in the new sensation of a hand against her neck and the heady rush and spark of connection. Hermione's eyes slipped shut. Warm. Slow. Comforting. And then Draco stepped into the kiss, moulding her against him, and deepening it with no real push for more. Hermione relaxed further. The patience in his kiss made a sharp fluttering grow as she unclenched her fists and wrapped her arms around him. She pulled back to catch her breath. Honesty escaped her in an impulsive rush, with her eyes shut and her pulse racing. "I missed you." She opened her eyes only to find Draco's on her, heavy with a hint of surprise. One of them moved first. Her? Him? It didn't matter. Draco had her back against the wall and her jeans around her knees before she could gasp his name. Well past hungry, they were starved for each other, devouring one another in a desperate frenzy. Hands everywhere. Fingers digging in with urgency. Hermione blindly went for his belt, loosening and unbuttoning his trousers with shaky, clumsy fingers, and tugging them down while kicking one leg from her jeans. Draco ripped her shirt over her head, tossed it somewhere, and lifted her leg, slotting his hips against hers. One hand gripped her arse as the other flattened against the wall. His hardening cock pressed deliciously tight against her damp knickers. She ground against him and Draco hissed. "Fuck, Granger. Let me taste yÑ" "Emergency security meeting in five minutes. Why aren't you here?" They both froze at Harry's voice in the fireplace. "Fuck off, Potter." Draco sounded both strained and ready to put his fist through the wall. Or Harry's face. Hermione smothered her shocked laugh in the crook of his neck. "I'm ignoring your insult, you fucking prat. There's been Death Eater sightings in the city." The news was sobering. "I'll be there in a minute." They both rushed back into their clothes and Hermione healed the mark on his jaw she hadn't realised she made until just then. Draco kissed her one last time before he disappeared in a blaze of green. Hours had passed by the time Hermione finished packing biscuits after making three more batches at the last minute. She was nearly finished loading everything into a bag with an extendable charm when Scorpius wandered into the kitchen. He had changed out of his uniform into another one of his ensembles and a different bowtie. He signed a quick greeting. "Done for the day?" It was after eleven. Scorpius nodded with a dimpled smile that showed his tooth coming in. Catherine joined them not long after, eyeing the bag. "Where are you off to?" "The hospital. It's Employee Appreciation Week and I made toffee biscuits." She lifted one of the packaged biscuits. "I'm going to deliver them to all the break areas and offices. Then I'm going for a quick meeting with Theo." Hermione gestured to the two plates on the countertop. "Lunch is already made." Scorpius looked at Catherine then back at her before signing, May I come? Hermione considered the positives and negatives. On one hand, she would make certain not to expose Scorpius to all parts of the hospital, but on the other, she was concerned about what he would see and the effect it would have on him. It wasn't her place to shield him from the fragility of life, but it wasn't her place to expose him to it either. Maybe a quick call to Draco's office would sort out permission and a conversation would sort out Scorpius. So she did both. Her discussion with Draco ended with a quick, "Use your discretion." He was busy. The following conversation with a wide-eyed Scorpius was gentler. "It may seem a little scary, but Healers, Mediwitches, and other hospital workers are there to make people who are sick or hurt feel better. Today we're going to give all the workers biscuits to sayÑ" "Thank you?" Hermione nodded, that familiar swell of affection at hearing his quiet voice refused to be tamed. She straightened his bowtie. "Yes, we're going to say thank you. If you're ready to leave, just squeeze my hand and I'll bring you home." But there was a familiar, determined look in his eyes when he signed, Help. Like you. It grew. Those emotions. Her smile both widened and softened. "Okay, you can help like me." They started in the lobby, with Scorpius handing wrapped biscuits to the immediately enamoured Welcome Witch, who did everything except coo at him. Before Hermione could redirect him to the lift, the little boy had taken another package from the bag and handed it to an elderly man waiting by himself in the corner, who accepted the gift graciously. It snowballed from there, with Hermione watching after Scorpius, who was quite generously handing out toffee biscuits to everyone in the waiting area. The gesture was as sweet as the smile on his face was bashful; the tint of his cheeks turned rosy when thanked. Hermione was glad she'd made extras. "He has a good heart," the Welcome Witch said as they watched him hand biscuits to another child a few years older than himselfÑwho had a pair of antlers Scorpius didn't even blink at. "You should be proud to be his mum." "Oh, I'm not his mother." Scorpius began his short journey back to her side once his task was completed. "But I know she would be proud." Hermione's own words followed her through each stop they made, with blue eyes looking at her eagerly until she nodded her permission for him to hand out biscuits to every person they saw. Given the time of day, there weren't many, but the gesture was sweet. Watching a boy who shied away from people he knew give out biscuits to strangers made her sentiment for him swell. It wasn't about love or that Hermione did so fiercely, but rather about how she continued to learn facets of the word as it pertained to Scorpius. In different moments. At different times. No, he wasn't hers by blood, but six months of knowing and caring for him, watching him grow and learn, had changed her forever. She would go through the highs and lows all over again just to be right where she was: running out of biscuits while being pulled along by a little boy too generous for words. As predicted, they had none left when they reached Theo's office, but Scorpius had saved a biscuit for him, presenting it to his generally stoic godfather while standing at his side. "Thank you." Theo signed as he spoke and his smile grew when Scorpius signed, you're welcome back before approaching the bookshelf. He craned his head up to look at it fully as his mouth dropped open in awe. Hermione took her wand out to cast a feather-light charm on any book he picked. "Impromptu visit?" "Bringing biscuits for Employee Appreciation Week, though we ran out. Scorpius shared." The little boy grinned brightly. Not hiding despite the fact that Theo could easily look over his shoulder and see him. "He's quite proud of himself." "Draco told me he was taking a half day." "He is, but there was a Death Eater sighting this morning so I'm not certain if he'll get a chance." Theo went into his desk while Hermione cast the charm on the enormous book Scorpius was eyeing. Choice in hand, he settled on the chair next to her, feet adorably dangling as he opened a book on poisonous plants that she was glad he didn't fully understand. He must have been drawn to the colourful wild mushrooms on the page. Scorpius looked at her expectantly. A beat passed before she realised what he wanted. Digging into her beaded bag, she grabbed Scorpius the charmed earmuffs, which he put on happily. "Earmuffs?" Theo looked confused. "They block out sound and play music. I created them so he wouldn't be able to hear every conversation or get overwhelmed in large spaces. He likes them." At the perfect moment, Scorpius bobbed his head to whatever was playing and flipped to the next page. "Poisoning book?" "Forgive me for not having child-friendly literature in my office." They both laughed. "How have you been?" Hermione was genuinely curious. Neither of them had approached the topic of their last conversation in this very office. "Working through some things." It was more of an answer than she had expected. "Where are you and Draco on creating the potion?" "Testing the bases. We plan to do more with it now that he's back." Hermione crossed her legs. "Neville told me that the Silphium plant isn't budding yet, but that it might be too soon or it might be out of season so we're just going to be patient. Draco and IÑ" "Make quite the team." Theo's expression was a familiar neutrality. Hermione squinted. "This is a trap." "No, I'm merely stating the obvious: you're working with Narcissa's potion and care, as well as with the restoration efforts. Furthermore, you've been helping him with Scorpius, who is thriving. I hear Draco is putting him in school with Harry's son." "He is, but that's a decision he made on his own." Theo was poised to say more but there was a knock on his door. When he waved the door open everyone, save Scorpius, turned to the person standing in the doorway. Susan. "We have a situation." Twenty wizards. All males of differing ages with indistinguishable features. All found unconscious but alive in a park near Little Whinging after Aurors were called to the scene. A scene they were still investigating. None had identification and were cold to the touch, which was where the similarities stopped and the differences began. Different clothing and appearances. Hermione was more than willing to leave it to the Aurors when they arrived but there was one issue: None of them could be revived. Susan had tried everything before calling for TheoÑand by extension, Hermione. Theo stayed behind in his office with Scorpius, who she'd supplied with snacks and a juice box, along with his parchment to draw with Albus and some other books she'd forgotten she had. Theo's amusement grew with each item she'd laid on his desk, especially the wipes. For his hands. He didn't like to get them dirty and cleaning charms weren't enough. Truly couldn't be helped. Besides, Scorpius really was grouchy when he was hungry, and from how things were going, it might be a while. Not that Hermione knew that when she left him. By the time Hermione arrived in the hall where the bodies were lined in two rows, there were eight other Healers, including Padma, gathered together talking about the strange case but not coming up with any solutions. Which led to them dividing into teams of two, changing into coverall robes with Bubble-Head Charms, and taking each patient into a room. It was better than keeping them out in the open. Hermione paired up with Padma, and with a frown marring her face, she watched as each diagnostic charm resulted in identical readings for both patients. "Padma, I'mÑ" "Suspicious as hell?" Her voice sounded muffled from inside the Bubble-Head Charm. "Me too. OnlyÉ I don't know of what exactly." "Has anyone checked for the presence of poisons or stunning?" "No poisons registered on any magical testing. No evidence of stunning." "What about Muggle testing?" Padma's eyes lit up. "I hadn't thought about that." "I'm not sure where to start." Hermione scrambled to think. "We'd have to ask a Healer from Poisonings. It's been a long time since I've worked there, but they do more blood work than any other department and they have connections with Muggle labs and contract Toxicologists." "It's a good place to start." "Let me get Scorpius home and I'll come back to help." At Padma's raised eyebrow, Hermione smiled. "He came with me to hand out toffee biscuits for Employee Appreciation Week. " "Ah, so he's the little boy handing out biscuits." Padma smiled fondly. "A few of my patients came in with them. They were all in good moods today. I think that's why Group Therapy went so well. They revel in little moments when they're treated like people." "That's because they are people. They just have Lycanthropy." "I know that, you know that, and Scorpius is too little to distinguish, but they still carry the weight of prejudice, fear, and self-loathing where they question their own humanity. The law only protects as far as it can seeÑand weakly at best in their case. So it's nice when someone doesn't look at them like they're monsters." The two women exchanged looks before Padma went to check the other patient. Hermione waited until she was in the hall to shed her protective gear and make the trip back to Theo's office, stopping quickly by the open door where Susan and her partner were talking while looking over their own parchment. She quickly stepped in to have a look at their results and found them to be identical. Obviously, whatever happened to one, happened to them all. "If they all wake suddenly, we might have confusion. We should call for security." Both Healers nodded and the other excused himself to make that happen. When he was gone, Susan turned to Hermione. "Do your two have the same light marks on their fingertips?" She showed them both. "Looks likeÑ" Familiar to the ones on Mrs Weasley. And Mathers. "They've all been poisoned, butÑ" It wasn't right. They weren't convulsing or bleeding. She needed time to think. "I'll be back. Padma's across the hall if you need anything." Hermione used the walk back to Theo's office to mull it all over. If they weren't poisoned or stunned in a way that could be magically detected, their identical results didn't make much sense. But if they were, and it was somehow hidden from the tests, it would be a little more plausible. But their fingers, the burn marksÑthat didn't add up. Walking into Theo's office before knocking afforded Hermione the rare opportunity to see the man himself in his true form. Hospital owner and current coloured marker holder. Scorpius, still wearing his headphones, was in the midst of picking the green one from Theo's hand when she cleared her throat. "He ate all the snacks." Theo sounded very amused. "But I think he's still hungry." Scorpius, upon noticing his mouth moving, turned his head and smiled at Hermione, then nodded when she signed for him to start packing up. Hermione helped him put everything into her beaded bag. "Keep your Floo open, I'm coming right back." "The situation?" "Strange. Twenty patients, unconscious and possibly poisoned, but with the burns on their fingers we've seen before. It'sÉ odd. All the patients I've witnessed with those marks were convulsing less than an hour after contact." "Unless they've somehow changed the components of the poison itself." Theo ran a hand through his hair, mouth turned, deep in concentration. "We know a less potent version exists, the possibility of a stronger one or one that lies dormant after contact is theoretically plausible." "True." "I'll call the Aurors." Theo was already on his feet which made Scorpius frown. "Were any of you in contact?" "Everyone is in protective gear with Bubble-Head Charms. As far as I know, you have to come in direct contact with it in order to get it." "The burns are already on their fingers. Unlikely, unlessÑ" Alarms sounded and the lights in the room dimmed. Theo sprang into action, opening his desk drawer to find his wand. "Influx of patients?" Chaos answered her question with an explosion strong enough to send her sprawling, but instead it put her into suspended animation, instinctively grabbing the startled Scorpius' chair to stop him from toppling over. Then she grabbed him. The floor was still shaking in the aftermath as she dragged him under the desk. Theo pushed back his chair and dropped to his knees. Disoriented silence followed. Speechless. Eyes wide open. Ears ringing. Hermione stared at Theo and calculated a thousand possibilities. "Are you both okay?" "Yes." The second blast was stronger, shaking violently with the force of an earthquake. Hermione held Scorpius tightly, cradling his head to her chest as the floor trembled so hard she could feel it in her bones. Bookshelves toppled over, raining books beside Theo. The sound of shattering glass was loud in her ears. Sculptures, pictures, and paintings fell on the floor. Lights flickered on and off. Scorpius' shaking breaths filled the air as he clung to her. And then the screaming started. Some shrilled. Others cut off suddenly. Everything was muffled by Theo's shut door, but soon the sound reached them. Fighting. Explosions. A faint howl. Hermione's heart stopped. No. They emerged from under the desk and looked at each other, then Scorpius. Draco's greatest fear was coming true. As was hers. "We need to get him out." "You as well, IÑ" "Are you mad?" Hermione couldn't even entertain the notion of leaving. "I've been all over the floor. Greyback can smell me. He'll tear everyone apart just to get to me." Theo ripped open his drawer and pulled out what looked like powdered aconite. "And what about after he does? He'll tear you apart." "I can't hide whileÑ" "This isn't about hiding, it's about staying alive." Theo sent off several emergency Patronus messages. "Security wards have been activated and that's hospital protocol. No way in or out. Floos don't work. Lifts don't work. We're trapped on this floor. Nobody in or out." Absolutely not an option. "What aboutÑ" Nobody in. Or out. No human. "Zippy." He'd been able to appear in Draco's office and bypass the Ministry's anti-Apparition wards. He couldn't take her, as she was not tied to the family, but her priority was Scorpius. Theo blinked for a second then realisation dawned. "You're a genius." Hermione dropped to her knees before a panicked Scorpius. His eyes were wide, mouth open and panting out desperate little breaths, unable to hear but knowing something was terribly wrong. Hermione called for the elf and sagged with relief the moment Zippy materialised. "Yes, Miss Granger." "The hospital is under attack." The crashing sound outside was violent and horridÑmetal scraping against rocks. Her ears were ringing and the room was still shaking. "Take Scorpius and send word of his location to his father immediately. Security needs to bring Narcissa home and lock down the house. Nobody in or out that isn't Draco." The elf nodded obediently, but there was one problem: Scorpius wouldn't let go. He refused. Bursting into heaving, distressed sobs, he let Hermione pry his arms from around her. She tried not to jolt when the door shook in its frame. They were losing time. Theo said her name while keeping a mindful eye and wand trained on the door. "I know!" She didn't want to take his earmuffs off, and wanted even less to expose him to what was trying to force its way in, but Hermione had to in order to reach him. Another explosion thundered as soon as she pulled the earmuffs off, followed by more distant screams, but Hermione cupped his red cheeks, and made him look at her through the shock of rattling walls. "Scorpius." Somehow she kept her voice completely calm. "I need you to go with Zippy." He shook his head. The sob that tore its way out was bigger than him. The door shook again. She grabbed his hands and held them. "It's okay, it's going to be okay, but I need to keep you safe." Tears continued falling, and an utterly heartbreaking plea, a single word, slipped from his lips. "Mum." It hit her like a physical blow. All she could do was hug him close. "You're brave. Like the scorpion you're named for. Remember?" Scorpius nodded against her neck while Hermione waved Zippy over, pulling back to focus on the little boy who couldn't stop sobbing. Hermione pressed her lips to his forehead in a moment of comfort for them both and closed her eyes. Impulsively, she reached into his pockets and took all but one of his letters before forcing herself to shift away. To let him go. "Take him." Scorpius was still reaching for her when he and Zippy vanished from sight. The door to Theo's office gave no additional warning before shattering into pieces. Hermione scrambled out of the way of the debris. Momentarily dazed, she stuffed the notes in her pocket and held her breath. The footsteps closed in. Voices. She looked to Theo, who silently counted down from five. Four. Hermione's hand tightened around her wand. Three. Sharp inhale. Slow exhale. She forced her muscles to relax. Two. Don't panic. She saw feet in her peripheral and sprang into action before the final count. "Stupefy!" A body dropped to the floor. Theo quickly threw the second body out of the hole where the door used to be. It hit the wall and landed in the rubble of their own creation. He didn't move. There was no time for words or orders. Hermione rolled the wizard over while Theo covered her. The man's face wasn't familiar, but his clothes were. One of the unconscious patients. Now with a mark on his arm that hadn't been there before. A Death Eater. "Theo, check the other man's arm. Dark Mark?" "Yes." Padma. Susan. The entire team was left alone with Death Eaters disguised as patients. "We can bind them, but it might not hold them long enough." An idea struck like a bolt of lightning. Hermione quickly dug into her pocket and pulled out a letter, shoving it into the robe of the stunned Death Eater. And then she did the same to the wizard Theo was binding. "Breadcrumbs." She looked down the corridor covered in debris. "You need to take down the security wards as quickly as possible. It's the only way the Aurors can get in." Hermione took off running. "Where are you going?" Theo shouted after her. "Take down the wards!" The next corridor looked like the aftermath of a tornado. Debris was everywhere. Hermione quickly ran to the only body she saw. A Mediwitch. She revived the injured witch and healed her wounds with the commotion nearby as a backdrop. The witch was terrified. "W-what are we supposed to do? We sealed all the patients in their rooms." This witch wasn't a fighter. "Barricade yourself in an empty room and don't move." Each step Hermione took towards the fight replaced the preceding feelings of chaos with an eerie calm, which was then obliterated by a red stunner whizzing past her head. Hermione threw herself against the wall, counting to three before swallowing her nerves and channelling the frenetic energy into her task. She peeked around the corner. Four stood while several lay scattered around the hall. Hermione was out of practice duelling, but that didn't stop her from trying. Clearing her mind, she settled on a hex first and ask questions later approach. She threw the first Death Eater into the second, then sent both crashing through the door of what she hoped was an empty room. The last two began firing back spells that missed her by a breath. Chest heaving, wand tight in her hand, she came out of hiding with a hex for the third and incarcerous ropes for the last, sticking him to the wall with a charm. She needed answers. The Death Eater that struggled in his binds was vaguely familiar. A scowling face from Harry and Draco's wall. When she drew her wand, he stared back in challenge, then recognition. "Potter's Mudblood. You're here." He grinned maniacally. "He's looking for you." Hermione jammed the tip of her wand into his neck. "What do you want?" "Order. Our order." "You're all trapped here, the AurorsÑ" "Are a little busy." She froze. They were on their own. "I'd run if I were you, but really there's nowhere to hide. He took this mission just for the chance to see you, HerÑ" She stunned him before he could finish. After binding all four and shoving letters in each of their pockets, Hermione methodically continued doing the same with each Death Eater she stumbled upon as she grew closer and closer to the centre of the action. Hermione was binding yet anotherÑher ninthÑand peeked around one corner when she heard, felt, and saw an unfamiliar box detonate in the hall. One. Then others. All together. All at once. The force sent her flying back like a scrap of paper caught in the wind. A cloud of white was all she saw before the wall stopped her momentum and the floor broke her fall. The impact stole air from her lungs. White hot pain shocked her system like lightning. Her head swam as blood roared in her ears. Hermione gripped her chest, struggling to breathe, every muscle tense as she curled into a foetal position. She forced out a sobbing gasp. Sputtering a series of coughs, she tried to see through the white dust. It felt like it took an age to get back to her feet. Disoriented, Hermione's first steps were blind in the haze surrounding her. It was getting thicker. She was beginning to choke but stumbled on, trying to clear her head. She couldn't stop coughing. She could barely breathe. There was no preparing for the outright battle she all but fell into. The Healers were fighting back as a team. All covered, they appeared to be on the brink of regaining control. Spells flew in all directions and Hermione barely missed being hit by a stray one when she was momentarily distracted by the sight of Susan holding her own in the fray. Movement out the corner of her eye caught her attention. Padma. Running in her direction. "Go!" Hermione didn't ask questions as she turned and ran. Padma caught up in mere seconds. It didn't take long to figure out what was chasing her. Or who. A howl sliced the air as Greyback came crashing around the corner at the exact moment Hermione turned her head. Using her wand, Hermione created a blockade of rubble behind her, but he burst through unaffected. More enraged. She put up a stronger one but the debris wall shook against the force of his body. They couldn't outrun him. Padma pulled her into an empty room and immediately barricaded the door with everything possible. While catching her breath, Hermione looked to the alternative exit into the next room. Just in case. "What happened?" "Their faces and bodies started changing back. Polyjuice." Padma's voice was slightly muffled by her Bubble-Head Charm. "I stunned and bound the two I was in, set off the security alarms, and ran to Susan, who was in the room with Greyback. Have you seen her? We got split up." "Yes," Hermione rasped, then coughed hard several times in rapid succession. Padma's relief was temporary when she seized Hermione by the shoulders. "You're poisoned. Boxes full of it detonated all over the floor. That dust is tainted." The next time she coughed, there was a tinge of red on her palm. She curled her hand into a fist and remained silent while Padma checked the room. "All of these rooms are connected. Let'sÑ" The door was ripped off its hinges. Their barricade was destroyed. Hermione grabbed Padma and ran for the next door, exiting the room just as Greyback burst in. They ran through room after room and ended back where Padma had found Hermione. The run had worn her out. She was panting as her chest rattled painfully with each breath she managed. "Find Theo. He's trying to take down the security wards." Hermione scrubbed a hand over her face. "I need to get back to my office. I keep vials of the antidote in there." "Hermione, he wantsÑ" "I know." She reached into her pocket and pulled out a few letters, shoving them into Padma's hands. "Stun and bind. Put these into their pockets. Go." Confusion and hesitation warred, even as Padma nodded and ran off. There wasn't a moment of peace. More Death Eaters. More spells flying in her direction. Hermione ducked and moved, defending herself with protection spells as she ran as quickly as she could, feeling as though she were being drained like a battery. The chase continued. By the time she found her way back to where she'd last seen Susan, it appeared the Healers had it under control. They were still too close. Two were still at her heels. It became harder and harder to keep going. The first of their spells missed, the other hit her painfully in the back right as the unnoticed box next to her shook. Glowed. Instinctively, Hermione called out the first protection spell she could think of before it exploded. The blast still sent her stumbling. More pain flooded her senses and drowned her. It was impossible to move but she desperately needed to. Then silence. It rang in her ears. She struggled to her feet as a wave of nausea rose sharply. Everything was dull. Muffled. Hazy and thick. The hall was littered with both unconscious bodies and those struggling to rise. The two Death Eaters who had chased her were sprawled on the ground behind her. Unmoving. Confusion fogged her thoughts, misery flooded her chest, and agony screamed in her veins until she took notice of the small piece of glass sticking out of her side. Hermione panted, counted to three, and pulled it out slowly on two. She gritted her teeth and strained against the excruciating pain. Dropping the glass, she held the wound as blood stained her shirt. She scrambled to find her wand. She needed to heal herself. But not before she put two letters into the pockets of the Death Eaters who had been chasing her and gathered the dust into a tight ball that hovered near the ceiling. Other Healers were getting to their feet, but all she saw was the hulking werewolf behind them. Greyback. His human face was a sharp contrast to the animalistic howl that cut through the silence. Knocking everyone out of his way like toys, he charged in her direction. Hermione nearly tripped trying to run. Each step was more painful than the last. She didn't have the stamina, but somehow still made it around the corner. But it wasn't enough. Grabbing her from behind, he slammed her into the closest wall. The impact turned the world white. Her ears screeched while her chest heaved with each painful breath. Adrenaline kept the fear at bay. "Finally." Greyback smiled with all of his rotten teeth. When Hermione struggled to keep away from the foul stench of his breath, he looked entertained. A predator. Hermione aimed her wand and silently hit him with a stunner that did nothing more than make him laugh. "Is that how you treat someone who's been waiting to see you?" And then he twisted her wrist until she felt a punishing snap. Her wand fell from her grip. A scream tore from her lips. Hermione was still screaming while he touched her, powerless as his hands moved down her body. Terror awakened when he sniffed her like a dog, licked her tears, and touched the wound she'd forgotten about until he came back with blood on his fingers. "Delicious." He sniffed his fingers and scowled. "You're infected." Two Death Eaters came around the corner. One carried an unconscious body over his shoulder. Like a meaningless ragdoll, he dropped the body on the floor. Padma. She was bleeding from her head. "Aurors are here. Time to go." Hermione was too numb to feel relief. When Greyback pulled her off the wall, the other wizard cut his eyes. "They said no prisoners. We can't takeÑ" "I don't give a fuck what they say," Greyback snarled. "I have what I came for." "They won't beÑ" Greyback seized the man by the throat. There was an audible crack before he landed in a heap next to Padma. Dead. Fear in his eyes. The other Death Eater backed away slowly as Greyback took out his wand. Maybe cleverness would save her, but if Padma was left here bleeding as she was, she wouldn't survive. "Let me heal her and I'll come with you willingly." Greyback seized her by the throat, cutting off her air. Hermione started choking. Grabbing at his hands uselessly, her pain was all but forgotten. "Cross me and I'll snap your neck with ease." "I-I won't," she strained out. To her utter surprise, Greyback let her go and let her pick up her wand. Hermione ignored her own pain and fought back the nausea enough to perform the charm to seal Padma's head wound. When Hermione tried to check for her pulse, spotting the note still in her fist, Greyback dragged her to her feet by her hair. "That's enough! Time to go." The pull of Apparition was chaotic. Worse than anything she could remember. Everything was a blur of disconnected movements that created the feeling of being thrown around in a maelstrom. A room? A shack? Faces? They landed in a tangle of limbs outside. Whether from the trauma, the poison, or the horrible Apparition, Hermione didn't know, but she vomited until there was nothing left in her stomach. Greyback was disoriented, too, stumbling around blindly long enough to momentarily forget about her. And his wand. Which was beside her. Desperate, she lunged for it, seized it, and screamed, "Sectumsempra." White light shot from the wand and Greyback howled with pain. Hermione quickly followed it with a blasting curse that slammed the werewolf against the tree so hard it snapped in two. She fell to her knees and coughed until she couldn't suck in a single breath. Blood painted the orange leaves red. But Hermione knew better than to stop. Her hand was shaking when she crawled to an unconscious Greyback. Cuts were forming all over his body before her eyes. She reached into her pocket and slipped a note in his boot. Then dropped another and covered it with the fallen leaves. Looking around, she realized she had no idea where she was. Hermione stumbled away, gasping for breath and cradling her mangled wrist close to body while holding her side. She began to feel what she'd been blocking away. Pain. Destination in mind, Hermione channelled everything left for one last jump back to the hospital, but the pull felt wrong. Tight like a fine string, it shattered and snapped. Molten agony seared each cell in her body as she felt herself being burned from the inside out. Ripped apart at the seams. She landed on her side in an empty forest. Only the skies above witnessed her screams and sobs. The trees listened well past the time they faded into choked, gasping breaths. Blood soaked the earth until she was numb. What was light bled into darkness. Source: Jaxxinthebox Hermione floated. Drifted. Stepped into a fog somewhere in between. She allowed it to close around her. She knew to hold on and fight. She knew she should cling to fleeting awareness and pain and never let go. But a selfish part of her wanted to keep floating in the mist. She wanted to let the pull she felt take her away. But there was something that kept her there. Something. Something. Hermione opened her eyes mid-gasp as if resurfacing from being submerged too long. Her vision was blurred. Pain. Dulled like a lost memory, she felt only semi-attached to it. And her body. Hermione could tell it hurt, she could feel the rumble of shock in her tight chest, but she couldn't feel it like she should. Agony was merely a nagging thought in the back of her head, not blinding or debilitating. It waited patiently. That worried her. The numbness. The disconnection. "She's awake." It sounded like Theo, but Hermione couldn't be sure. "Hermione, can you hear me?" "Yes." Her voice sounded foreign to her own ears. Raspy and hoarse. From screaming. The memory jolted her and made her panic. She couldn't move or see. Every muscle pulled taut. Rising terror swelled in her chest. Hot. Suffocating. "I-I-I can't feelÑ" Anything. "Hermione, don't try to move." It sounded like Susan. Her voice was soft but she could hear the stress in it. The distension. "You're Splinched and you've lost a lot of blood. We're working to heal you." Susan inhaled and fell quiet. "Theo, it's notÑ" Whatever Susan was about to say was muffled. "I need you to remain calm." Easier said than done. Her vision began to clear, something that should have made things better, but had the opposite effect. The artificial lights burned. Hysteria crept up on all sides of her consciousness. Each new spasm made it harder to keep still. Hermione took two gasping breaths to force it down. It wasn't working. She needed to know. "HowÉ bad?" Hermione coughed, trying not to choke on the lump in her throat. It burned. "T-truth." There was a pause. "Even after the first dose of antidote, the poison isn't making healing you easy." Bad. Very bad. Okay, so maybe she didn't need to know. "H-howÉ did you findÉ me?" "We didn't. He did." Hermione felt something being pulled tight, hard to tell where, and wheezed. "Got it! Perfect." Susan sounded momentarily relieved. "Shite, your heart rate is too high. I need you to calm down." "I can't." Breathe. Panic and pain rose steadily as each sense returned. Her vision and hearing sharpened. "Oh, thank gods," Susan said suddenly. "Get over here!" Hermione had a moment to question before she felt something that wasn't pain. A hand in hers. Warm green eyes and the face of her best friend. Comfort. Family. Harry. He looked terrible. The moment their eyes met, she saw it. Fear. "Everything clear?" Theo sounded gruff and impatient. "I need to move her from the welcome area. Is it safe?" "Enough. Roger moved Padma into the last undamaged room. She's stable." Hermione would have sobbed if she could. "It'll have to work. I'll go make preparations." She heard Theo get to his feet, his shoes squeaking on the floor as he ran. "Harry, hold her arms while I levitate her. MalfoyÑ" Draco. Hermione had no idea he was even there and didn't lay eyes on him until they got her off the floor. A streak of red stained his chin. Drying blood painted his neck. A bloody piece of parchment stuck out of his front pocket. A note. Everything flooded back. Scorpius. "H-he's safe." Another cough burned from her chest. "I know." He looked away. "Bones, whatÑ" "Shut up, Malfoy. I'm busy putting her back together. Make Hermione relax." It was impossible when she felt herself fraying at the seams. Habit made her seek out Harry first, but the naked fear in his eyes reignited her nausea. It was slow but she turned back to Draco, keeping her focus trained on him. This was easier. She couldn't read himÑdidn't know what he was feeling or what was going through his head. His face was stone. The world narrowed further when she felt his warm hand press against her forehead. His other slipped into her hand when she coughed; her body shook with heaving breaths as she struggled for air. He squeezed tight enough for her to feel the slight tremble. "Susan." Harry's voice was faint. "I know. I'm doing everything I can." Pain rose like a symphony of agony, growing louder and more complex, deafening her to the sounds of everything except her own ragged, gargled breaths. A storm of emotions and fear raged inside her, drowning everything outÑexcept the peace in his eyes. Something calm Hermione clung to desperately, but no matter how hard she tried, it was no use. Shock began clouding her vision. Dulled. Greyed. Darkened. Faded. There was nothing except sound. A voice speaking one word. A plea. "Hermione." And in the middle of my chaos, there was you. Paullina Simons Chapter End Notes A/N: Welcome to Act Three of Measure of a Man. The arrival of the inevitable and the hardest scenes I've ever written. *Pants* Art for this chapter: Forehead Kisses & Goodbyes by meriyart & Hermione & Scorpius say Goodbye by ayaka-arts & Hermione Fighting by bookloverdream-blessedindeed & Pooltime Scorpius (Hopeful Gift) & Imagining of the end of Chapter 29 by ecaworks & DracoÕs POV of finding Hermione by Oukyn Embedded art by Jaxx-in-a-box [ Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Chapter 30: HoldingOn and Letting Go Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Thirty Holding On and Letting Go Falling. Simultaneously loud and deafeningly silent. Chaotic and peaceful. Painful and beautiful. Time passed through Hermione's fingers like smoke. Meaningless. Shapeless. Each failed swipe of her fingers spread her senses thinner. Lost in the centre of an endless maelstrom, darkness and light fought for dominance. They tugged and dragged her from one extreme to the next on a cosmic pendulum. Hermione took a breath but ice and fire were the only things entering her lungs. Landing was always the hardest part of falling. Her world was reduced to a roaring sea of pain. Desperate and hopeless. Drifting. Sinking. "G-go." A garbled whisper struggled from her lips. Pulse hammering, she reached blindlyÑ desperately. "He's scared." There were voices. Orders given. Fragments of sentences. Footsteps rushed all around her. She felt as though she were being stabbed repeatedly and weighed down. The air was heavy. But there was energy surrounding her that had no name. A voice in her ear. "I will." "Draco, hold her steady." Hermione burned in the light. Welcoming the heat, she landed in a field that stretched farther than her eyes could see. Blood bloomed into a sea of roses, wildflowers, and a garden full of fruit. The howl faded into the sigh of her name. Sobs morphed into a broken lullaby. Pain ebbed into heady pleasure while dust fell like benevolent rain from the sky. Tears transformed into a flowing river that created new paths and changed course before her eyes. It washed her clean. Healed her. Made her wholeÑfree. Hermione allowed herself to be carried away by the crimson and gold rays of light dancing around her. Laughing, she reached for the flowers as they harmonised a tune. She touched the silk petals as radiance cradled her, lifting her up into the air on a cloud of rainbows. Her gown shimmered and shifted colours in a dazzling display. Joy. Delirious. Euphoric. Real. But lonely. Flashes of objects beat in a rich hum of shades and shapes that moved in sync with her pulse. She felt each thump as if her heart reached from her head to her toes. Magic ran through her veins. Arms outstretched, water poured from her fingertips, giving life to the flowers beneath her feet. Hermione felt weightless. As if she were pure magic herself. "You're hallucinating." Unlike Icarus, the voice stopped her before she flew too close to the sun. A lily sprouted from the earth and its petals opened to reveal a vial. "Drink." Hermione did as she looked around for the source. Colours pulsed brighter and brighter like a beacon trying to grab her attention. And soon she was floating with the breeze between her fingers and fanning through hair as the cloud transformed to an effervescent rainbow. She wanted to touch the rainbow, and reached out, but it slipped through her fingers like mist. Like a dream. Or a nightmare. Hermione opened her eyes. She sucked in as much air as her lungs would allow and sputtered until whispered words cleared her clogged airway. The lights were harsh and cold. Hospital. Blue eyes. Red hair. Freckles. Flushed skin. Ron. He couldn't disguise his shock, anxiety, or relief. "How the bloody hell are you awake?" Hermione turned her head and retched. Gagged. Choked. Shook. She couldn't stop. "Susan!" The field hadn't lost its glow. Flowers swayed to the beat of her heart as the rainbow curled around her like a hug. Warm. Peaceful. The lilies fed her vials of sweet dew. The earth sprouted fruits. Rain fell from the sky, but Hermione remained dry as she picked roses that pricked her fingers then bloomed more. But something was odd. Each time she tried to focus, or began to wonder just where she was, the world became more vibrant. It worked hard to distract her from the rumble of thunder. Trouble. "Breathe." Hermione's pulse kicked with a sudden spike of fear that slipped alongside the euphoria and melted into the space in between. The light suddenly felt too hot and fear sharpened her senses until she could point out the inconsistencies. The floating. The colours. The petals. Nothing was right. She screamed into the technicolour void. "I didn't take anything! Please! I didn't take anything!" "You're not there." Molly's voice was faint in her ear. "She can't hurt you anymore. It's not real." But the pain was. Screaming and begging filled her ears. The voice sounded like her own, only hoarse and brokenÑweak from agony. She was drowning in a repeated Unforgivable on a drawing room floor. Everything blurred until nothing but white noise remained. Every muscle pulled taut like a wire. Gritting her teeth, Hermione convulsed to the maniacal cadence of laughter. Hermione napped under the warmth of the sun. "Drink" She did and everything was right. And wrong. Panic. It settled like the fog in the corner of her eyes. That hadn't been there before. Or had it? Colours became bolder, but Hermione focused on the fog, ignoring all that was pleasant. It wasn't real. This was her subconscious. A dream. "Dose in." Hermione gasped and the tightness in her chest unwound just enough to carve out one desperate, panting breath. Then another. Air was lava in her lungs. "She's burning through the cooling charmsÉ" "Slower breaths." Andromeda was out of sight but close. "Focus." Hermione followed the thread of her voice and the world sharpened to reveal Draco above her. His pale, drawn face. Grey eyes fixed on hers. He was normally warm but now his hands felt cold like relief. "Her heart rateÉ" Draco looked as though he'd crawled through the entirety of hell. "I'm still there." Hermione's fingers skimmed the top of the wildflowers when something changed. Pain. It invaded the field and attacked her from all sides. Seeped into her pores. Dug into every bone, muscle, and nerve. Pain was a shocking reminder of the loop she was stuck in. It was just a dream. A hallucination. The truth burned. Hermione writhed with the scent of her own flesh in the air until darkness rose. A vial of dew sprang forth from a lily as the voice took a shadowy corporeal form. "Drink." The word kick-started her memory. Each request. Each vial. She always accepted. Always trusted the voice and drank. It was merely a creation of her subconscious. It wouldn't hurt her. The shadow hovered next to her; its presence doused the flames and healed her charred skin, but it did little for the pain. When she drank, she relished in the relief until her chest heaved as she reeled from the residual agony. "It hurts. It burns." Hermione reached for the mist and came away with ash. "I know." "I'm so tired." The liquid cooled the fire within. "I want to go home." "It's almost over." The fog began to fade and Hermione's chest constricted as tears burned tracks down her cheeks. "Stay with me. Please." She sobbed so hard she thought she would shatter. "I'm tired of being alone." "You're not." The brilliance of the world faded. The spectre vanished and something dark and enormous rose from the depths. It wrapped its arms around her and dragged her into the darkness. "You're here." She wasn't surprised to see Draco in her dreams, but he faded like the flame of a covered candle. "This isn't a dream." Darkness. The cold void was calm like a stream and cool like a breeze. A peaceful and perfect silence so absolute and enduring it penetrated her soul. Hermione hovered above the current, highs and lows blurring together, and she wondered if this was what it felt like to fly. Or fall. Just when she thought the darkness would last forever, beams of light sliced through. They reached in the void and pulled her out. A sudden bang rang out, the sky returned to clear, and all the visions disappeared. She was at the beginning again. And time rolled on. Light. Consciousness crept through her addled mind. Dizzy and groggy. Memories flooded in a surge that froze the breath in her lungs. Hermione's vision sharpened. She heard herself groan as she made out features. A face. "Oh fuck." Pansy. Hermione returned to the field. Darkness and light cycled, but now she laid in the sun; it was warm on her face and body and hands. The shadow returned to her lonely world for seconds before leaving. And each time the pain of its loss tore at the fabric of a reality that didn't exist. Darkness. The next face she saw was bathed in ribbons of sunlight filtering through the window. Luna. "Where am I?" Hermione rasped out. "Shhh." A cool cloth touched her head. "Dreams fly on the wings of time." She didn't understand but her questions were hushed and soothed away. "Back to sleep you go." Hermione helplessly obeyed. Reality shocked Hermione with a punch of adrenaline that should have jolted her into an upright position, but she couldn't feel her arms or legs, let alone move. She was only capable of blinking and breathing. Needing to calm the rising panic, Hermione focused her efforts on the simple act of wiggling her toes. The relief that accompanied the sensation was palpable. "Kingsley." She could pinpoint Pansy's voice from anywhere. "Theo. Wake up!" Wincing at the sheer volume, Hermione tried and failed to turn away as if she were the too-bright sun. "It's too soon for her to be awake." What? There was a sudden noise to her left before a dishevelled Theo entered her sight line, a picture of unkempt hair and weary eyes. And then there was Kingsley, who looked poised as always, slightly haggard yet relieved. Neither spoke at first. They exchanged looks then turned to Pansy as if she held all the answers. Hermione was beyond confused. More so when Theo ran a hand through his hair and swore. "Can we hide this?" Kingsley looked deadly serious. "She's not prepared." "It's the middle of the night. We can't smuggle her out now." Pansy bit down on her fingernail. "The plan was to take her toÑ" "Not an option in her current state." Theo shook his head. "At the very least, I need twelve hours before enough of the potions are out of her system to safely transfer her." Hermione wiggled her toes to get someone's attention. It wasn't enough. "The atrophyÑ" "Snap out of healing mode." Pansy sounded harsher than Hermione had ever heard her speak to Theo. "She cannot be here when anyone realises she's awake. The media is a bloody circus downstairs. Andromeda and Percy keep catching Ministry officials and reporters trying to gain access to this roomÑoh, and let's not forget about our biggest problem: the bastard." "Colourful language aside, Miss Parkinson is correct." Kingsley spoke her name with a sort of familiarity that sparked Hermione's curiosity. She knew for a fact the two had never met. "You and Susan have a conference to update the media on her condition in the afternoon. Is that enough time?" "Tiberius will be around for an inspection before then." Hermione blinked rapidly, but no one noticed. "She can fake it." What? "I'll make certain Percy is here with you and Draco during the inspection. Keep it quick. Mind Draco's temperÉ" Hermione had never been more confused, not just by their words, which quickly devolved into a rapid fire three-way debate, but she couldn't wrap her mind around anything enough to keep up with the conversation. Her gaze swept her surroundings. Situated on the edge of her periphery was a colourful display with multiple vases of elaborate flower arrangements. They were beautiful, but her eyes caught on something smaller. Insignificant to some, but it meant the world to her. A small cactus. Mint. It was good that she couldn't speak. Her heart was in her throat. Sudden sensation roused her once more; bleeding through her veins, it brought her limbs back to life. Hermione still struggled to move, but she managed to open and close one of her hands, wiggle the fingers of her other, and flex the toes on both feet. She wanted to turn back to where the cactus should have been, but she was blinded by a penlight. "Welcome back again." Theo shone the light in her other eye. "How do you feel?" "I-I don't know," Hermione managed, voice raw and scratchy. He reached out of sight and brought back a cup with a straw. She took a greedy sip, the water tasted better than anything, but he didn't let her gulp. "What happened?" "Too much. I'd rather not overwhelm you." He looked over his shoulder. "Go getÑ" "Already gone." Pansy's footsteps echoed across the floor before the door opened then shut while Theo ran diagnostic charms and Kingsley raised her bed. Theo seemed pleased with the results of the scan, but Hermione couldn't stop staring around the room. There were plants and flowers on every surface. But her focus went back to the cactus. "Looks like the poison is out of your system." "Can youÑ" Hermione coughed and her chest ached with phantom pain. "Tell me the truth." "Okay." Kingsley took Theo's seat when he moved; patience radiated off him in a way that calmed her. "How long has it been?" Theo looked supremely uncomfortable. "A week." Hermione tried to absorb the gut punch of the news. Seven days. Last she remembered, it was the fifteenth, which meant it was now the twenty-second, but she had no concept of the hour. Only that it was dark. Not that it mattered. Once again, time had passed without her knowing, without her having any memory of it. Blinking up at the ceiling, she took several deep breaths to calm herself down. At least she tried to. Kingsley held her hand, but said nothing when she looked away to swallow the growing lump in her throat. She had missed her birthday. As petty as it seemed, it was all she could think about and obsess over until the thought left her weary enough to know she had to let it go. There was nothing to do about it. Nothing that would change the past. There were more pressing matters and questions that needed answers. "My injuries?" "Blunt?" "Please." Theo still had the parchment in hand but didn't look at it. He didn't need to. Multiple fractures of her ribs and wrist, Splinching, damaged lungs, a concussion with a head wound, and an abdominal laceration. Some injuries she remembered, others she didn't. "The Splinching and poison were the largest concerns. The poison had been in your system far too long and we had difficulty treating you because of this, but Draco had the idea of mixing the antidote with Replenishing Potion to force it out faster and it worked." Theo gave her a moment to absorb his words. "Your body is under a lot of stress and you're on an obscene amount of potions right now. We had to get creative with the combination." "I don't feel much of anything. Heavy. Groggy. It's hard to think. I feel like I could sleep for years but I know I just woke up. A little pain butÑ" "If you're able to feel any pain I'm shocked, but we've begun the process of weaning you off the heavier pain potions. We can manage it carefully and keep you as comfortable as possible." For the first time, Hermione paid attention to the state of her arm when Theo reached across her. Wrapped in heavy bandages, she could barely feel her fingers. "How bad is it?" "The trauma to your wrist was extensive. The rest of your arm was partially Splinched so the bandage is to protect your new skin." Theo touched the tips of each finger. "We did as much as we could, fixed the ligaments, regrew skin and the bones, but you'll need therapy and time to heal." "Will I fully recover?" Brewing. Cooking. Working. And so many other ways she used her hands. This was a nightmare. "Right now I'm not certain as it's not my area of expertise. Susan thinks there's a high chance you'll end up with a tremor and believes you should start therapy as soon as possible. Nothing has been done on that front because we wanted to see how you were when you woke up. You had two seizures in all of this andÑ" "Okay." Hermione felt that news like a brisk wind. Stunned, she shivered while struggling to process everything, but there was more and her curiosity wouldn't allow it to be left unsaid. "Keep going." "The seizures were a result of the poison, not stress." That didn't make it any better. "You mentioned Splinching, I justÑwhere?" "Down your right side. You lost skin, muscles, hair, a few fingers, and half your leg in the process. We reattached and regrew what was lost, butÉ the process wasn't simple because of how it was Splinched." He moved back the covers and she saw her legÉ as well as the ugly sight of bruised and raised skin that stretched from her knee to her foot. A straight line. Half her leg in the most literal of terms. Hermione couldn't fathom the sight. No wonderÑ Kingsley covered it up. "What else?" She swallowed thickly. Theo's face shifted to concern. "Let me know ifÑ" "Just tell me." Theo and Kingsley had a silent conversation that ended with the latter nodding before Theo continued. "We grew your skin and muscles back, and used healing charms and as much dittany as we could to close the wounds. But there will likely be scarring on your arm and down your right side. Roger had to stitch you up to hold you together long enough for the antidote to begin working before we were able to start repairing the damage. The poisonÑ" "From the boxes?" "Yes." Kingsley nodded after Theo gestured for him to take over. "It was packed into boxes that were planted and timed to go off and cause maximum chaos while the Aurors were dealing with a different situation in the city." "One didn't work though, right? I rememberÉ" The last one. "You're correct. It didn't take Harry long to figure out how they made it past security and he apprehended the sympathiser who confessed straightaway. She's cooperating, by the way." "Who?" "A Mediwitch that was coincidentally injured in the initial blast. She said you revived her, healed her, and told her to hide. Your compassion moved her. It made her talkÉ" Hermione's mind was racing. "PadmaÑ" "Released three days ago." "I want to see her." "We need to talk about that, but it's also the middle of the night and we have to figure it outÉ" The rest of his words were lost. Memories flashed wildly in her mind. Words. Pain. Healing Padma. Falling leaves. A howl. Crashing. A room with faces. So much blood. There was a hand on her shoulder and another one squeezing hers. Kingsley. "Your heart rate just spiked." Theo's concern was evident despite the calm he tried to project. "We don't have to talk about it." "But we do." Kingsley frowned slightly. "Much has happened since and she needs to be informed of the basics at the very least." "Like what?" "The public outcry after the attack on St Mungo's has put the Ministry in a position where they must take decisive action. The Wizengamot is publicly controlling the investigation, but we know the Death Eaters have gone to ground and spread out because of the notes you left." Hermione looked up at the ceiling and took a breath. "Harry has a few trusted people leading a covert investigation into the ones that are still actively moving. We're keeping it a secret for now, but locations of hideouts have been found all over the country. They've learned more in a week than the past few years combined." "What are these inspections about?" "Tiberius has visited daily in an attempt to convince Miss Parkinson to allow him to secure your memories. He wants Padma's as well, which is why we discharged her quietly and sent her away until she's well enough to make a statement. As for you, he seems particularly fixated on yours and has attempted to obtain them three times while you were unconscious. It's widely believed you've witnessed something." "I don't remember." "And that is why he wants your memories. You might have seen without seeing." While Kingsley's presence was nice, it was very odd. "Is that why you're here?" "My presence was requested as a trusted individual to keep watch." Knowledge was often a painful double-edged sword, Hermione knew this, but now its blade was poised to slice into her reality. Heavy emotions were just at the surface, waiting to bleed from the first cut, dying to be felt. "You've experienced a lot of trauma." A moment passed that made Hermione wonder when she would feel like herself again. Was that even possible? She smothered the thought. "Rest." Kingsley's wisdom was reinforced by the hand on her shoulder. "He's right." Theo placed the parchment on the table. "It will be the only way you heal." "Right." Her rueful chuckle sounded slightly hysterical to her own ears. "Spoken like a Healer and not a hospital owner." "Or a friend." Hermione lowered her head and looked off to the side to avoid the swell in her throat, the condition of her body, and the memories of the scars and bruises she could see. And the ones she couldn't. "I know better than to order you to do anything, but I'm serious when I say no heavy lifting. Nothing strenuous or stress-inducing. Trauma has made your body fragile, and you need to rebuild your strength. Right now: no reading or writing. And at least for the next six weeks: no work, no gardening, no tending, no mental work, no menial tasks. I mean it. Nothing." Hermione didn't have the strength to do anything, much less fight. There was a quick knock on the door followed by a softer one. Theo stood while Kingsley answered. Hermione expected PansyÑand she was thereÑonly she was dwarfed by the presence beside her. Draco. Kingsley gripped Draco's shoulder in support as he passed, and a look passed between the two men before the former continued on. Theo did the same but shut the door behind him after murmuring something to Draco she didn't hear. Not that she noticed. Hermione couldn't stop watching him. Draco was dressed impeccably but he looked exhausted. Pale. Frayed at the seams. Unshaven. He said nothing as he pulled a chair to her left side and sat down. Silence rolled on but all was not still. Least of all when Draco picked up her uninjured hand. His palm nearly swallowed hers whole as he held it. He dipped his head. Not to kiss her knuckles, but to rest her fist against his cheek. Comfort found in something as simply complex as touch. Hermione knew better than to speak, had no words, but slowly opened her hand to feel the warmth of his face on her palm, ignoring the slight clamminess of his skin and the scratch of his facial hair. When he leaned into her touch, blunt weariness rolled off him like fog descending down a darkened hall. Spreading through his demeanour, his lids hung at half-mast over his eyes. She wondered if he would fall asleep holding her like this. She wondered if she should let him. "I have a few minutes." His words were quiet, spoken just for her. "They want you to rest." "You brought the cactus here?" "Scorpius insisted." Grey eyes locked on hers. "Wouldn't let me leave without it." "Don't bring him here." "I won't. I haven't." Draco shifted in his seat. "He's with the Potters at the Burrow. They've kept him occupied. He'sÉ on edge. Not signing. The first day was rough. When I returned home aloneÑI've never seen him so distraught." Hermione shut her eyes and the first stab of pain bloomed in her chest. "IÉ talked to him and stayed with him as much as I could, given everything." "What's going on?" Because she knew he wouldn't lie to her. He hadn't before. "I feel like there are a lot of missing pieces I'm trying to find." "In the morning." When Draco tried to let go of her hand and began to stand, Hermione squeezed. "Stay." He stopped. Looked at her. Didn't leave. Careful shifting made just enough room for him in the small bed. He had to stay on his side but his presence made the struggle worth it. Draco was careful with each action as he wrapped an arm around her and she turned her head to him. The breaths that followed were measured by the beat of their hearts. Silence stretched into infinity. Foreheads touching, eyes drinking each other in, they blinked slowly, steadily. He looked at her with something he didn't have the words to articulate. Feelings and sentiments played on the tip of her tongue, ready to be expressed but held back under the same weight that held her down. Draco's hand curling on the blanket that covered her was the only insight he gave into the true state of his emotions beneath the waves of exhaustion. His storm called to her. "Are you sleeping?" she murmured so softly she wondered if he could even hear it. "I haven't been able to." Startled by the painful undercurrent of his answer, and lost in the swell of the unknown between them, Hermione reached out as much as she could. Using nearly all her effort, she lifted her free hand to his cheek and swept her thumb over it repeatedly. The rest of her energy was devoted to brushing her lips against his, and letting them linger as if there was nothing more vital in the world than this single kiss. This fragile moment. Firm but soft, Draco held on and didn't stop kissing her until his heavy eyes shut and his body slowly relaxed. He was breathing deeply in seconds. And so was she. September 23, 2011 Pain was a shock of ice cold water. Terrible. But beneath it was a startling jolt of clarity where Hermione's mind, body, and emotions all slotted back into place. Her body felt like it had been passed through a grinder, and her mind was broken into piecesÑboth of which were dulled with the lesser doses of potions. The loosening of the bind on her emotions was a slow one. More dangerous. Less like a panic attack, it was the dawning realisation of what had happened. What she had been through. What she had survived. The fear. The pain. The helplessness. The violence. Greyback's hands on her. The screams and choking. The blood. The silence. Memories waged a war in her mind. Unrelenting, they trapped her into feeling everything, reeling from each memory, and left her paralysed with thoughts she couldn't express. She stared at nothing, unblinking. Hungry but unable to eat. Exhausted but unable to sleep. Seconds felt like minutes, minutes felt like hours, and hours rolled on like days. Time was a construct, separated by rotations of people beginning the moment she woke up alone with a familiar parchment at her side. There was a drawing of what looked like a cross between a dragon and a cow clearly done by Albus, scribbles by Lily, stick figures by James, and a small note in green marker that could have only been from one boy. His handwriting wasn't much better than his father's. Feel better. She didn't know if her heart was breaking or if the pain she felt was because it was healing. The next half hour she held Harry's hand while Ron sat quietly beside him, looking thoughtful but wisely keeping to himself. The moment was broken when they had to go. Their time was up. Susan's check-in began with a long hug and a demand for a Girls' Night where they all would get unapologetically blitzed when she was well enough. Then she started working, walking Hermione through what potions to take when. By the time Daphne arrived, Andromeda had been through to coerce her into eating something but Hermione hadn't had the stomach for it. She held her for so long Hermione rolled through several emotions and landed on gratitude. She sank into her embrace, then Daphne's. And now Pansy was fretting over the state of her partly-Splinched hair, but all Hermione felt was the grip of Greyback's hand as he dragged her away from Padma andÑ "Cut it." Everything stopped. "What?" Susan sounded incredulous. "It's only one part that's shorter than the restÑ" "Cut off as much as you need to." "ButÑall your hair." Daphne genuinely seemed sad. "I'm not defined by my hair. It'll grow back. I justÉ I need you to cut it." It took time, but Pansy didn't ask any further questions. It was as if she quietly understood. More than expected was left behind, and they washed and dried it but left it down. Hermione thought she would feel something in the aftermath with it gone, but all she felt was lighter. Relieved. "When can I go home?" It was all she wanted to do. She needed to feel in the privacy of her own world. Go home, take the time to heal her wounds, and recover. Everyone exchanged looks. Obviously there was something she didn't know. A knock on the door made everyone stop. Three wands instantly pointed at the door so quick it stunned her quiet. But the second, softer knock made them relax. "They're early." Draco peeked his head in. "Percy is walking him to the lift now." Hermione didn't like the way two words caused the entire room to burst into activity. Everything was a blur of motion that left Hermione reeling while sitting still. Packing spells were uttered while Susan and Daphne gathered everything in a rush. All proof of her being awakeÑcups and leftover hospital foodÑwere taken away and both quickly exited. Daphne went to get everything ready for her quiet discharge while Susan prepped the parchment. Draco and Pansy exchanged a few words in the corner before he appeared at Hermione's side. His only response to her obviously shorter hair was a quick blink. "Do you know Occlumency?" "I can barely tell when you Occlude. I just know that you do." Hermione frowned at the strange question. "Is this about my memories?" "Yes." It pulled her thoughts back to Kingsley and Theo's discussion. No way was she ready to go toe-to-toe with Tiberius or anyone. "What do I need to do?" As it turned out, all Draco needed her to do was feign sleep. Easy enough. Eyes shut, ears open, Hermione slowed her breathing and listened. The knock on the door. Multiple footsteps indicating that he was not alone. First, she heard Percy's greeting, noting the way he spoke to Pansy formally. And then it was followed by Tiberius' terse greeting. "Mr Malfoy, Miss Parkinson." Tiberius paused and Hermione knew he was looking at her. "I see Miss Granger has not awakened yet. Pity." "She has not." Pansy's tone held an edge of terseness, not quite like a blade but something sleek yet jagged. "I believe Mr Weasley informed you of this upon your arrival." "He did, however, I wanted to visit and continue to offer my humble additions to the overwhelming number of well wishes that fill this room. I am concerned for her well-being just as the rest of the public is. I confess I am too hasty in my desire for more information on her condition." "She has always been a fighter." Percy's comment held weight etched in respect. "She has done much and we should allow her to rest undisturbed. Chief Warlock, if you would like, I can escort you back to the Floo." There was a long pause. "Thank you, yes." Pansy placed her hand on top of Hermione's. Then everything shifted. "Actually there is something I wish to say." Tiberius' voice sounded closer, almost as if he were standing at her bedside. "Miss Parkinson, as Miss Granger's advocate, I implore you to see reason and provide the Ministry with her memory of the unfortunate event." Hermione expected a sarcastic response but she never spoke. "The DMLE is conducting an investigation with the Auror's Office and the Task Force is taking the lead." Draco's voice was firm. "What exactly are you investigating?" "I am merely assisting in any way I can. Her memory could solve some lingering questions. I want answers just like everyone else. How something like this could happenÑ" "I'm certain there are plenty of other things you could do, Chief Warlock." Draco stepped towards Tiberius, and she knew it was him by the methodical way he walked. "I can think of two at this moment: assuaging the public fears and increasing the security threat level." "Neither of which require your presence or Hermione's memories," Pansy added. "Very well." Tiberius cleared his throat. "I have attempted niceties and it seems as though this matter will need to be handled officially." "Shocking that you even know how to do that." "Ah, and there it is, Mr Malfoy," the Chief Warlock taunted. "This spark of temper you so boldly displayed in last week's conflagration. I confess, I am confused to find you here when you have nothing to do with the current investigation." Conflagration? "Outside of the simple fact that I found her, the reason for my presence is none of your concern." "Might I remind you, that we might not be within the walls of the Ministry, and you might be on administrative leave pending an internal investigation into your actions, but I am still your superior and demand the respect as sÑ" "My respect cannot be demanded." The last time she'd heard Draco sound so severe was the night of their argument. The heavy tension surrounding her made it hard to keep still and feign unconsciousness. "Draco." Percy's tone held a quiet call for civility. But he did not utter an apology. "Miss Parkinson." Tiberius was laying it on so thick he sounded greasy. "While I understand that you and Mr Malfoy areÑ" "Friends, yes, but my decision to not let anyone poke around in Hermione's head while she's unconscious after suffering trauma and injuries has been made because I'm the advocate she selected." Pansy let go of her hand and the bed shifted when she stood. "This is not what she would want. It's not at all ethical, however hard you may try to weave this. So, please, do what you feel you must and so will I until Hermione wakes." "I believe Miss Granger would want to assist in the investigation." "And she will." Percy wisely still maintained temperance. "When she wakes. Come now, allow me to escort you to the Floo." Hermione didn't move until she heard the door open and shut. Another few seconds passed before she opened her eyes, and looked directly at Pansy, whose face held a hint of colour. She was thrumming with irritation as intensely as Hermione was with questions. "What did I see?" Thinking about it hurt but she tried. "We have everything ready to move during Theo's statement to the media. I'll go sign papers andÉ" The rest of Pansy's comment was lost. She left her side and then the room, destination unknown. Hermione ran a shaky hand through her hair, and her head pounded louder with each passing second. "Do you need a pain potion?" "Not yet." She tried to breathe through the growing discomfort. "I'm trying to rememberÑ" "Stop." Draco walked around the bed as Hermione tracked his movements, wondering and questioning his next decision. The brief thought of him leaving died when he took off his jacket and dropped it on the table before picking up two vials and approaching the bed. "Here." "I don'tÑ" "Drink." Hermione's breath caught. "You." She shook her head, trying to clear out the clutter. Draco offered nothing, only uncorking the first vial while she stared at him. "You were hallucinating. No one could get you to drink the antidote doses." "Except you." "Much to our eternal surprise, you listened." He cleared his throat and looked down. "Take the potion, Granger. I believe you once told me that it's stupid to suffer needlessly." Like in the field of dreams, Hermione drank the potion and handed back the empty vial. Then the second. Relief was instant. "I haven't thanked you for Scorpius." "There's nothing to thank me for. I'd do it again. All of it. He was my first thought. If anything, IÉ" There was a twisting in her gut as physical as the pain she'd taken the potion to dull. "You talked me through my delusions. I don't think thank you is adequate, but that's the only phrase I know to express my gratitude." "Likewise." It was all still a murky dream that she felt both attached and detached from. She recalled those last moments when he served as the peace in her storm. That had been real. Solid. Something else? "You found me?" Draco nodded with a tight jaw. He still looked tired, despite how vehemently he'd stood up against Tiberius. Not as bad as last night, he was at least clean shaven but still quite pale. "I did." "The letters were the only thing I could think of to grab in a worst-case scenario." "It qualified." Draco ran a hand over his face, appearing weary yet careful with what he divulged. "I found where Greyback took you. Plenty of blood but no body. He's injured but Ñ" "What about the notes I left with the others?" "Some were still unconscious. Five escaped and have gone to ground with other Death Eaters. All in different locations. Potter's been working the case and preparing for the raids in my absence." "Absence?" "It's a relatively long story." "That involves a large fire?" "Partly." He pinched the bridge of his nose and rubbed his eyes again. "I'd tell you more but Theo's conference is in two hours and you look overwhelmed." "As do you." Draco's eyes slid to her, but Hermione peered down at her bandaged arm then over to her side where her skin begged to be scratched. Everything was uncomfortable, and it left Hermione feeling raw and vulnerable. Her mind picked up the pace to run at top speed about what had happened and what hadn't, what was and what wasn't. "I'd rather not be alone with my thoughts." "I have no intention of leaving you to them." His words didn't startle her, but his tone did. Draco didn't move. The stillness prompted her to continue. To be honest. "I remember things." Her words were quiet. "The forest and the sky. I remember choking and feeling pain. I remember thinking that I wasÑ" Alone. Hermione blinked back tears. The metaphorical dam began to crumble. "You should take my memories now. " Draco extracted his wand and summoned an empty vial. Hermione shut her eyes as she felt a hand curl around her shoulder, gently pulling her against his solid chest. She focused on his chin against the crown of her head, the tip of his wand at her temple, and breathed in the scent of him and this new sense of peace she felt in his presence. "It's done." His grounding hands couldn't stop her from feeling the last sliver of calm receding as memories finally took hold. On any other day, Hermione might have tried to stuff it all back downÑshe might have even been successful. She was good at fighting it off. But today she was tired. Bruised and cut. Beaten and broken. Hollowed out. Her wet face was proof of just how exhausted she wasÑhow empty she felt. "I can'tÑ" Keep this inside. "Then don't." There was bravery in fear. And strength in surrender. Peace even if Hermione felt her as though her soul was drowning under the tidal wave of emotions. Memories dragged her out to sea, but she held on to him like a lifeline, grounding herself in his embrace and the act of letting go. A sob tore from her when she finally allowed herself to seek comfort and shelter in something other than herself. Tears fell when she put her trust in where she found it. In his arms. In his touch. In the beat of his heart and the unintelligible words Draco whispered against her temple. Hermione shut her eyes, cracked herself open, and allowed herself a moment just to feel. And succumb. Draco slept like the dead in the reclining chair. His hand was a solid weight firmly entwined with hers, and his head was turned in her direction. He didn't look comfortable. Awkward even. His arm had to be as stiff as hers. But Hermione didn't let go. Mint and the flowers on the table behind him made for an interesting contrast of colour above a man dressed in black. But she only watched the rise and fall of his chest, and focused on the deep evenness of his breathsÑas steady as the pull of gravity. Uncharacteristic, really. As was the sight of him. His hair was unkempt, splayed across his forehead, and there were wrinkles in his black shirt, andÑ The blanket on his lap moved up to his shoulders, covering him completely, except for his arm. Hermione jolted when she realised they weren't alone. She turned to find Pansy at the foot of the bed, wand in hand, and exhaling her relief. "I'm glad he's asleep. He's exhausted from all the back and forth." Her voice was low, careful not to disturb the sleeping man as she approached the other side of the bed. "I'd ask about the state of your hand but I'll hold my peace." A quick moment of eye contact passed between them. "For now." Not a threat but a promise. "I'm still processing the last week." "Back to therapy you go, hmm?" She wasn't wrong. Pansy sat on the edge near the foot of the bed. "I'm still processing the fact that I'm your legal advocate along withÑ" "I told you ages ago." "I didn't think you were serious." Pansy pouted petulantly. "It's been hell for the last week. Why would you trust me?" "Why wouldn't I? I let you cut my hair. I trust you with my home. You and Ginny know me best." Which meant more to Hermione than she could express. "I trust you to make the right decisions." "That's different from your life. I would have left it to Weasley but she had Scorpius and three very upset kids to contend with." Hermione ached at the thought. They both looked at Draco. "Give him a few more minutes to rest. Everyone else is completing their tasks." "Tasks?" Hermione tilted her head. After cracking her knuckles, Pansy proceeded to explain how they'd banded together. Percy made sure her legal affairs were in order and made certain they knew about each visit from Tiberius. Neville tended to her garden, with Narcissa's help. Luna split her time between staying at Hermione's side and entertaining the children to give Ginny a moment of reprieve. They all took care of the chickens. Fresh in town, Charles Smith had stepped in with Narcissa's care and delegated tasks between Sachs and Keating. Ron had visited once but mainly served as the liaison between Susan and her parents, who were placed in a secure location for protective caution. Daphne and Ginny alternated children duties while getting everything together for her brews. "Looks like you thought of everything." "I had help." There was a meaningful pause and a glance to the side. "The moment you're all healed up, you owe me several strong drinks I've not been allowed to have. I didn't realise how much you do and how much you have to hold together. I'm not sure what we all would have done without DracÑ" Pansy broke off to clear her throat, but it was too late. Every road led to him. The steady presence in her mind. "What did he do?" "Draco is good at delegating." Pansy gave him a sad look. "It's not always the best kind of experience." The implication and the source of his competence was painful. "How are you feeling? Less overwhelmed?" It sounded as though Pansy had heard a bit of her breakdown but Hermione couldn't muster the shame she thought she should feel. "At the moment, I'm numb and not. Have you worked out the discharge?" "Yes, everything has been set up." "Where?" "About thatÉ" Hermione was too weak to return to her home. That much she knew. While unconscious, there had been sightings of Death Eaters in the area surrounding Godric's Hollow. Too close for anyone to take any chances. "The Malfoys. The security is better than anywhere and the location is central. You also can't travel by magic, as you're high risk for re-Splinching soÑ" "Okay." "Well, shite." Pansy's eyes widened. "I was expecting a fight. I made notes!" "No need. It makes sense." Hermione glanced at their entwined hands. Besides, if she couldn't be home, that was probably the best place for her to recover. "I might not be able to assist, but at least some of my workÑ" "Let someone else handle that for now," Pansy said as gently as she could, which was still a bit brusque. "You'll be there to oversee the monitoring of Narcissa's care." "ButÑ" "Stop." Hermione turned to the sound of Draco's gruff voice. His eyes were narrowed in a bleary scowl. "It will be handled." No room for argument was found in his deep timbre, in the set expression, in the way his hand tightened in hers. It reminded her of the trust she'd already put in him and everyone elseÑhowever unknowingly. She had to do it again. Smuggling Hermione out of the hospital was easier than anticipated. What she hadn't expected was the vigil in the lobby of St Mungo's. There were flowers and gifts and people everywhere. Hermione hadn't considered the outpouring of concern, or her place as a war hero when she'd taken those notes. She had no idea the public would be in a frenzy about her recovery. All their attention was on Theo, who was now dressed completely opposite of how he'd looked when she'd woken up. Susan had just finished updating the media on her condition when Theo opened the floor for questioning. Everyone started speaking at once. After a few distraction charms to anyone who looked curiously in their direction, a hovering charm, and a disillusionment charm set on her, Hermione was wheeled outside to the car Daphne hardly drove. And it showed. "How did you pass the Muggle test?" Pansy said the moment they pulled in front of the Malfoys' home. "You drive like a skeleton." "I don't understand theÑ" "Dead! Daphne you drive slower than the dead." While they squabbled, Hermione looked at the home. For as lavish as the inside was, the outside appeared as humble as a home could in an affluent neighbourhood. It looked no grander than the homes on either side, which, knowing Draco, had to have been his aim when purchasing it. A brown, brick structure surrounded by a wrought iron fence. A house that served as protection. But not quite a home. "How are your legs? Do you thinkÑ" Daphne never finished the question because Draco materialised just inside the gate that opened automatically, allowing him to walk out with his stride uninterrupted. "Draco, can you take her inside?" Daphne asked. "I don't think it's suspicious at all if we do a feather-light charm. She basically has baby giraffe legs." Hermione glared at them both, especially Pansy when she threw her head back and laughed. She opened her mouth to argue that she could walk by herself, thank you very much, but Draco only inclined his head once before picking her up bridal style. Hermione's arms immediately went around his neck, and she looked over his shoulder to find Pansy and Daphne exchanging smirks before following them inside. "Where's Scorpius?" "Inside." The door opened for Draco before they reached it. "He knows you're coming." "Can we reunite in your office? I think he'd be most comfortable seeing me there." Draco deposited her in the office on the sofa. A split decision made her ask him to glamour her bruises to not scare Scorpius. Daphne and Pansy followed Draco when he left. Hermione felt oddly nervous alone in the silence as she waited. Looking around, she noticed the portrait of a family that looked the same now but was very, very different. Draco wasn't alone when he returned. Scorpius was at his side, and his hand was wrapped around three of his father's fingers. The relief of the moment brought tears to her eyes, and to his as well. Apprehension visibly grew in him. Anxiety stopped him in his tracks. As best as she could, Hermione signed to him that she was okay, but he didn't sign back. Tears continued to stream down his cheeks. It looked like he was in shock. Draco rested his hands on his son's shoulders as Hermione offered hers out to the little boy. Her body was heavy and pain began to throb, but she was more focused on him. "It's okay. I'm here." Her voice seemed to restart him and he tentatively stepped away from his father and gripped her hands. "I know you were scared but you did so good. You were so brave." Hermione ignored her pain and hugged him like she wanted, like she knew he needed. She let him scramble into her lap when he started sobbing harder. But still she held him, let him bury his face in her neck, and whispered reassurances. Anything to let him know she was here and she was real. She wasn't going anywhere. Not if she could help it. Hermione didn't let go until he settled. Resting her cheek on the top of his head, she let him become a grounding weight on her and peered at Draco. Except for the cracks, he looked fine, still tired, and only concerned for Scorpius. "I didn't expect that." Draco caught her wince and stepped forward. "I'll take him." "It doesn't hurt that bad." She could tell he didn't believe her. "I need this just as much as he does." Draco didn't argue and Scorpius soon fell asleep with a hand gripping her shirt. His weight against her was part of the peace she desperately needed. Each soft breath expressed his exhaustion in the initial moments of sleep. It wasn't long before sleep took her, too. September 24, 2011 Hermione woke late that morning in a familiar bed with not just one but four children asleep next to her. Smiling at the endearing sight, she brushed the red fringe from James' face and made her first attempt at walking on her own. It ended before she could even apply enough weight to stand. Unforgiving pain shot through her leg and up her spine. A small knock preceded an unexpected person. Narcissa. Accompanied by Zippy and Andromeda, she carried three vials of potions Hermione took with no argument before settling back into bed. The elf left to run her a bath, as instructed by the sisters who remained behind. Narcissa settled gracefully on the edge of the bed. "They refused to leave." Andromeda nodded fondly at the children who slept on. It was a chaotic mess of small limbs and intermittent snores. Lily looked dangerously close to kicking Albus in the shin, and the only way she'd been able to spot Scorpius was the tufts of blond hair sticking from underneath the covers and the fact that Albus had an arm thrown around him. She had a feeling he'd had to stake his claim over that spot before his siblings could. Her smile grew. "I think you have guards." Hermione chuckled but eyed Narcissa critically. "How have you been feeling? Your potions andÑ" "I suppose it is not in your nature to stop worrying about everyone for too long." "It's not." Andromeda laughed and shook her head. The sisters exchanged looks. "However, Miss Granger, I am fine." Narcissa placed a hand over hers. "The concern has been more about your condition, naturally. In the interest of your peace of mind, Mr Smith has adhered to your care plan and has been available to facilitate with the Occupational Therapist. I have been assisting in your garden with Mr Longbottom. He makes decent company." High praise and far better than Hermione expected. She could only imagine the conversations between Narcissa and Neville while weeding and pruning the plants in her garden. Hermione coughed delicately into her fist but said nothing. "Pansy has brought some of your things here and unpacked them." They heard the water turn on. "The office you maintain is across the hall and has been filled with the books that were laid about in your home office." "I'm not supposed to read just yet." "They are there for you when you can. I expect your stay will be lengthy." "Thank you for your hospitality. I'm hoping to get my strength back quickly so I can return to myÑ" "I know what you're doing." Narcissa's mouth slipped into a frown. "I'm guilty of doing it myself." "I am as well," Andromeda said. "You have been through a traumatic experience, Miss Granger." "There is no rush back to normality," Andromeda added. "Take your time, rehab your body, and rest your mind." "Do take care of yourself for once. I'd like my Healer back." Hermione looked between the Black sisters. "I'm not used to resting in this capacity or letting anyone take care of me." "You are capable of learning many things. This will merely be another life lesson. Have a soak in the bath. Mr Potter has gone to secure your parents from the safe house and will bring them here this evening for tea after dinner, so we shall revisit the topic of conversation tomorrow when we go to the spa." "ButÑ" "No arguments." It seemed that no one with Black blood was accepting any. With a sigh that was almost as resigned as she felt, Hermione agreed. Narcissa looked pleased, clasping her hands together primly before standing. She was not ready when Narcissa offered her hand next to Andromeda's and they both helped her stand. Or when they slowly helped her walk to the bathroom on unsteady legs. Hermione remained in shock with each step they took. Modesty was reduced to nothing; while Narcissa checked the water, Andromeda helped Hermione out of her hospital garb and unwrapped her bandaged arm. The glamour bled away and Hermione took a moment to look at herself. A week had changed herÑhollowed her out and left her thinner. It was hard to tell what parts of her skin were new, and harder to tell given the cuts and black and blue patches covering so much of her body. She wasn't sure where one ended and the other began. And then she caught sight of her neck: the vicious handprints staining her skin. No wonder Scorpius had sobbed upon seeing her. Even glamours couldn't hide the haunted look in her eyes. Hermione forced herself to look away. Bubbles and hot water did little to soothe her mind. When left alone to bathe, she let her thoughts run wild and free. Analysis made her feel normal, and talking herself through her own memories allowed her to rationalise. She tried to fill in the gaps and crevices, but she couldn't. Then she tried desperately not to panic about it. Sighing and cursing, Hermione submerged herself completely under the water, and held her breath until her lungs burned with painful memories that made her resurface. She scrubbed her skin almost raw to distract herself from the thoughts that would send her flying into the atmosphere. And then she cried and understood the catharsis in the act while acknowledging that healing and coping were things that would take time. Patience. Support. Things she wasn't lacking. Hermione struggled to her feet after what seemed like hours, but she felt proud of the small victory. Weak but able to stand. She had to find the silver lining in all this or she would go mad. She had to understand the meaning. Andromeda helped her dress, wrapped her in fresh bandages, rubbed minty salve on her raised, tender flesh, and helped her sit at the vanity. She washed and brushed her hair, dried it, and added a little Sleakeazy's to tame it. It didn't take much. Hermione felt strange with hair to her collar instead of down her back. She started to rise, but Narcissa stopped her and took over Andromeda's spot. She could only watch as, bit by bit, Narcissa braided her hair back into a single braid with a serene expression on her face. This wasn't her first time. Her hands moved with muscle memory, mouth humming an unfamiliar tune. Andromeda froze as emotions warred on her face. It sounded like a lullaby from a memory. When Narcissa finished, she admired her work, but frowned at the bruises. "You don't have to keep them." "I think I need the reminder." She'd learned from Pansy that bruises weren't only a sign of trauma, they were a sign of healing. Of survival. She would wear them like a crown. Scorpius never let her out of his sight. His father, however surreptitious about it, wasn't much better. Hermione hadn't slept so much in her life, unable to stay awake longer than brief little snatches throughout the course of the day. Potions from Draco, water from Pansy, bandage changes from Andromeda, and bits of soup, courtesy of Ginny. One time she woke to whispers in the hall, but Draco noticed and shut the door. Too tired for questions, too distracted by Scorpius and Al painting beside her bed, she'd shut her eyes and fallen back to sleep with the blend of colours from each canvas fresh on her mind. She didn't see Draco until she was cognizant enough to desire a change of scenery. A feather.light charm from Pansy brought her to the living room just as he emerged from the Floo with Harry in tow. Both were tense, but their moods seemed to mellow out over the course of the meal. Hermione found herself in quiet awe of the blended group of people in a place she had never seen them together: inside the Malfoys' home. Ginny and the Potters brought noise to the quiet and chaos to the order. Andromeda and Narcissa had different reactions. The former smiled while listening to James rattle on about his new school and the latter gave Lily a puzzled look when she meowed. Hermione remained quiet, too tired to eat, but she did because Scorpius wasn't the only child that only ate their food after she did. Lily's squint remained until Hermione ate her last bite. At once, the four children started eating. Pansy chuckled until Scorpius gave her a long, unamused look. Draco smothered his gruff amusement with his fist. Once dinner concluded and everyone left, after long hugs, Scorpius remained. Never venturing far, he stood in the doorway when she took her potions, sat next to her when Susan came through the Floo to check her over, and even peered over the back of the sofa as she took a few wobbling steps with Draco's hands on her waist. Scorpius scrutinised everything, much like she remembered from her early days of caring for his grandmother. She understood why. And she talked to him about it. "Are you worried?" Draco signed Hermione's question, noting the way Scorpius stole looks at her bandaged arm with heightened apprehension. Yes. He opened his fist and signed another word. Hurt. "I am." There was no sense in lying to him. "It's going to take time, but I'm going to heal and I'm going to stay here while I do." Hermione held out her wrist slowly, unable to move it much, but Scorpius laid a hand on it so gently she would have never known he'd touched her at all had she not seen it herself. "Do you know what helped me so much when I woke up? Seeing Mint by my side." Ignoring Draco's confused squint at the cactus' name, she instead smiled at his son's bashful response and pulled him into a hug that seemed to perk him into leaving her side long enough for bath time. The promise of a book from his father sped him along. A bit of normality after a chaotic week. Scorpius remained glued to her side while Draco read Dilly the Dragon Learns to Fly. Barely paying attention, eyes on her, he stared heavily. He was struggling to stay awake and blinking blearily while she ran a hand over his hair. "I'm not going anywhere," Hermione murmured. It took another story about constellations for him to finally drift off. She waited until he'd gone fully slack against her side before nodding to Draco to put him to bed. Hermione took down her braid and almost fell asleep waiting for his return, but was roused at the sound of him kneeling in front of her. "Your parents are here." He looked down at her bare feet. "Do you need assistance?" "I could use a hand, but you don't have to carry me or use magic. I need to move to regain my strength." Draco appeared slightly irritated but positioned himself optimally for her to take tentative steps under the guise of independence. He was strong, had a firm grip on her, and admittedly held more of her weight. They made it to his door. "When do you start therapy?" "Monday." "How exactly are you getting there?" "IÉ hadn't thought about it." She considered the idea of Muggle travel with Daphne or Pansy. Then reconsidered the latter. She wasn't trying to die. "Definitely Daphne. Why do you ask?" "No reason." It was slow progress. By the time they got a few steps outside the door, Hermione's legs were wobbling and she was tired, nauseated, and irritated about the feelings. Like the final bits of sand in an hourglass, Draco's patience ran out and he abruptly scooped her up like she weighed nothing. Hermione didn't yelp too loudly and instinctively held on as he nudged the door to his office shut with his foot. There were things she tried not to notice during the walk down the hall, particularly the feel of him, but it was something she couldn't ignore. Just like the undercurrent of sandalwood and mint. Her parents were seated in the living room. Between bits of conversation, her mother surveyed the high ceilings and crown moulding while attempting to disguise her awe at the luxury of their home. Her dad was making light and polite conversation with Narcissa, who had situated herself in the armchair. Arms pleasantly folded, she was sporting her public persona: bland and interpersonal but falsely engaging. Her mother was not eating it up. Tea had been served on a set Hermione had never seen, likely by Zippy as she highly doubted Narcissa even knew where the tea was. Before they were noticed, Draco set her down but didn't let go of her arm as he assisted her into the room. Greeting her parents wasÉ interesting. Emotion broke through her dad's face and relief radiated off him. She found herself wrapped in a tight hug the moment Draco let her go. She hadn't realised how much she needed it or how hard she would sink into his embrace. He didn't let her go until she was ready, and her mother gave her another hug, but this one didn't last long. By the time Hermione was finished greeting her parents, Narcissa had excused herself from the room. Draco was gone as well. To give them privacy. "Oh, Hermione, your bruises." Her mother noticed something else that brought her to the verge of tears. "Your hair." She tucked away the irritation that tried to arise. "They'll heal and my hair will grow back." Her dad helped her sit down between them. "Ron told us everything once they had us secured at a safe house. How are you?" "I'mÉ as okay as I can be." Hermione had more questions than answers. "How did you both end up in a safe house?" "Aurors showed up at the house with Harry and asked us to quickly pack a bag. Before we knew it, we were at an undisclosed location. Ron kept us up to date on your condition. He said you had a-a wound in your abdomen." Her mother turned to her, sounding a bit anxious. "Was there any permanent damage?" "No." The question rubbed her wrong and she couldn't figure out why. "There are more concerns with my wrist." "And the SplinchingÑ" Her face scrunched in confusion. "Yes, the Splinching. Will it harm you in the future?" "No, but recovery is going to take time." "You could come stay with us in the safe house while you recover." Her mother placed a hand on hers, something that was supposed to be maternal yet it put her on edge. "I would be more comfortable if you were." Hermione frowned. "I don't want to inconvenience you both. IÑ" "You're our daughter. You were attacked and injured. You should be with your family this time." This time. Because the last time she'd stayed at the Burrow when she was first released. Not that she had any other options. Her parents had still been in Australia, but she knew her mother carried some resentment about how heavily she'd ended up leaning on Molly. As well as Andromeda. "Your dad and IÑ" "Actually." Her dad gave her mother a hard look. "If this is the place where she can get the help she needs, then I'm fine. As long as we can visit." "I'm certain they won't mind," Hermione said slowly, still looking between her parents. Things were tense. "We don't even know these people." Her mother's voice lowered. "Aren't they bigots?" "At one point, yes, but things have changed drastically. I've been working with Narcissa since April. They have the space set up, my work is here, my friends can visit, and if I need something, they have a house-elf that can help me. It's ideal." "What about Ron?" The look her mother received from both Hermione and her father made her stop and change course. "No, I didn't mean it like that. What I meant was what about staying with one of your close friends? I'm certain there are other options. Don't get me wrong, it's a lovely home, but they'reÉ strangers." "Not to me." Hermione extracted her hand from underneath her mother's. "They have opened their home and it's the best option until I'm strong enough to return home. Safe houses are small. You don't have room for me, nor does any safe house have a Floo connection set up for my Healers to come through andÑ" "We're trying to be here for you, Hermione." Her mother looked endlessly frustrated. "Why won't you let us?" "We, of course, respect your wishes." Her dad's comment was pointed. "The Aurors gave us access to a telephone. Just ring us if you need anythingÉ even if it's to talk." He drew her in his arms and smoothed down her hair. Hermione held on and shut her eyes for a moment of peace but it was interrupted. "Or she should just come with us and we'll sort this out as a family." With her father no longer playing peacekeeper and her mother's stubbornness on full display, their bickering stretched longer than usual. But it faded into the background leaving only one word stirring something inside of her. Had she been in a better mental, physical, and emotional state, Hermione would have let the comment go. But, alas, she wasn't, and thus, was sent careening over the edge and falling before she knew it. "Family." The word caught in her throat but she forced it out in the midst of a rueful, wet chuckle. "Mum, I have waited years for you to say that while referring to the three of us." Their argument died. "Love." Another word that felt odd coming from her mother given their distance. "I know we might not agree on a lot of things, but we have always been a family." "No, we haven't." Hermione looked at her for the first time. "I have my faults in this. I'm not sure I will ever atone for them, but I'll make peace with the fact that I've tried." "Hermione." Her mother exhaled her name like one would an errant child. "I told you we forgave you." "You don't act like it. You shut me out and now you want me to pretend everything is fine. It's not." "We can work on it." "Mum." She lowered her voice, took a series of measured breaths, and tried to hold down her emotions. "There is a very large part of me that has been starved for this moment, that has been waiting desperately for you to say this, but it's tainted." Her dad's hand on hers made Hermione realise just how badly she was shaking. How badly she was unravelling. "I'm here now, Hermione." Her mother reached for her, but Hermione drew away and rose to her feet. She swayed from the sheer force of effort it took. "I am sorry for how I acted. I have regrets about things and would like the opportunity to fix this. Let me try. Let us take care of you." Tears blurred Hermione's vision and slipped down her cheeks as she shook her head. "I'm not supposed to stress myself and the idea of going with you does just that." She had to ignore the hurt look on her mother's face for her own sanity. "You and I have had years to fix us and we haven't. Right now, I'm at the point where I can only work to heal myself. I don't have the energy to fix us, too." "HÑ" "Maybe I will in the future, if the offer is still on the table when I'm ready. I don't know. I can't think about that now." "You should focus on healing." There was an unfamiliar edge in her father's voice and he was looking at the source of it. "I think we should go." Her mother looked incredulous. "We have been arguing about this for months, and now that I'm trying, you're telling me to stop." "Now isn't the time." Before she could continue arguing with her father, a dry, brittle chuckle escaped Hermione's lips. "I've waited so long for you to say this." Emotions made her head pound. It was hard to speak without swallowing the lump in her throat. "Mum, it took me nearly dying for you to see me and try and meet me on the common ground that I have been begging for. And even then, it has to happen your way, on your terms, IÑ" "Hermione." Her name didn't come from her mother's mouth or even her father's. The voice belonged to someone wholly unexpected. Narcissa. She hadn't heard her entrance or approach. None of them had, but Narcissa was at her side in seconds, and she looked none too pleased. "I believe it is time for your potions." She had another fifteen minutes, but Hermione didn't argue. Narcissa's smile was like a decorative dagger: beautiful yet sharp enough to draw blood. "Apologies for the interruption." Narcissa's expression softened slightly when she nodded in her father's direction. "Mr Granger, please excuse us." Hand around her shoulder, Narcissa was ready to steer her away. Hermione only exchanged a sad look with her father before they both nodded in silent agreement that this wouldn't be it for them. And then she turned to leave. Her first steps were unsteady, slow, and as heavy as her heart. "I wasn't finished speaking with my daughter." Narcissa stopped and looked over her shoulder; the defensive chill in her voice made Hermione lean into her side just a fraction more. "Yes, Mrs Granger, I believe you are." Numbness seeped into her skin and settled into her bones. Hermione wanted to yell. The urge was as physical as the tears streaming out of her eyes as she took one deep, shaky breath after the next. After the next. After the next. But nothing would come. It felt like she'd taken an anaesthetic of loss. A drug that would either wear off in a few hours, when she gave herself time to process the conversation with her mother, or one that would never leave her system no matter how much Calming Draught she took. Hermione ran a hand through her hair, feeling hysterical, like a visitor inside her own skin. A familiar tingling sensation started in her fingers and she steeled herself for what was to come. Thoughts. Panic. Overanalysis. Regret. Everything was poised to collapse on top of her. She fell into the same darkness she had just woken from. Hermione sank deeper and deeper, letting herself slip into the solitude of her own heartache. Just for a momentÑthat was all Hermione was willing to allow herself. Lower. Closer to the void. But as she approached rock bottom, she found herself back at the surface. Draco wrapped a blanket over her shoulders, and all she could do was blink at him, then her surroundings. He sat on the coffee table in front of her; his face gave nothing away. She didn't remember how she'd gotten to his office. "Your parents have returned to the safe house." Funny how eight words could hurt so much. Hermione's eyes fluttered shut and she felt hot tears roll down her cheeks against her own will. She felt like she'd cried more over the last few days than in the last few years. She heard him start to stand and stopped him by reaching out and lifting her eyes to meet his. Never had she felt so unsure of herself. "Are you leaving?" "No." The next thing she knew, his lips were on her forehead, warm and rough but so achingly tender. Hermione inhaled sharply, taking in the smell of him all over again. And then his finger curled under her chin and lifted without the resistance that was woven into the fabric of who she was. There was depth in his eyes. Strength in the silence of his stance. Warmth when he leaned in the final breath to cover her mouth with his. He tasted like survival. Revival. Like breathing pure oxygen, kissing Draco replenished her. Perhaps they both needed this moment, this exchange, the give and take that would lead to balance. They had been through things both separately and together, a complete journey neither of them fully understood, but they silently relied on the other's presence. Hermione brought her hand to his cheek, Draco mirrored her action, and the moment was akin to discovering all the mysterious functions of life itself. Their lips met again. The next connection offered no heat, just desire for contact pouring into her empty well through parted lips. Comfort curbed the pain until there was nothing left. Tranquillity carefully unravelled something in her chest only for him. They ended up lying on the sofa with her wrist carefully cradled on his chest. One of his arms curled around her and the other rested on the curve of her waist. She couldn't see him, but knew he was watching. Waiting for her to talk. "I think I told you a little about the row with my mother in May." "You did." "In hindsight, I think my dad has always been trying in his own way. He's not the most vocal person, but he always lets me watch him paint while listening to music." She tore her eyes away from the ceiling. "I took his silence as a slight, but now I realise that's always been his way of trying to keep the door open." "And your mother?" "My motherÉ" Hermione tried to arrange her thoughts into something comprehensible. "I think she took the memory charm the hardest. She and I have the same sort of control issues. I worked myself to the bone trying to please her with the hope of fixing what was broken, but all I have left are bleeding cuts on my fingers and missing pieces that don't fit. Maybe it'll never be completely whole. Maybe this is as good as it'll get." "My mother and I have a similar sort of imperfect truce." She sucked in a breath at his honesty. "One day we might get there as well." Hermione shifted slightly, feeling a bit of discomfort on her side. "I do understand her worries, I know my faults in all this. Perhaps I didn't need to say what I said in May, but I still stand by it. Being alone and happy is better than being with someone and miserable. My relationship with Ron wasn't always bad, but it was over years before he broke it off. It was complicated and neither of us made things better simply by being who we are naturally. I wasn't happy." "Are you now?" It was a question Hermione hadn't expected. "IÉ am. Mostly." The truth left her raw under his gaze. "Dissatisfaction is always beneath the surface reminding me of its presence." Loneliness, a voice reminded her. One she saw in herself and in him. It was always there. Lingering. It was even in her hallucinations. "Are you still lost, Draco?" She lifted her eyes to his. "Are you?" "More than ever." Lost in the same sort of isolation she often felt in her own mind. Hermione rolled with the feeling of desolation. A piece inside her wanted desperately to connect but it was trappedÑ uncertain. It was human nature. That was what everyone said. Loneliness was supposed to be a symptom of a bigger issue, though she couldn't help but wonder if it was actually the disease. It wasn't the sort that made Hermione wish for a life within the comfort of her own home. No, she didn't want that. But maybe it was the sort of disease that would make her reach out for companionship to help mend the broken pieces. Not to disguise the cracks or erase them altogether, but perhaps connection could be the lacquer needed to fuse it all together with her identity still intact. Just stronger. Stable. Content. And right now she wanted nothing more than to feel the same contentment outside of those little snatches of time with Draco and Scorpius. She wanted to feel it all the time, but she was uncertain how to ask. The words were drowned out by the silence in her mind. And she was exhausted from wanting something she couldn't verbalise. "I'm tired." Hermione tried to fight back the swell in her heart that threatened to return. "Then you should rest." "My mind spins and weaves and tries to keep fixing everything toÑnever mind. I'm just tired of having to hold every piece of myself together when I feel like I'm falling apart. But I have to because I'm not weak." "Not a word I would associate with you, no." "I can handle the pressure and the painÑ" "Just because you can, doesn't mean you have to." Draco gave her a pointed look. "Your words." A slow smile appeared. "It's not like you listened." "Not then, no." "And now?" When Draco didn't answer, Hermione absently reached for him with her bandaged hand. Her fingertips skimmed the angle of his jaw. The pain from the action was dull but she couldn't focus on anything beyond how tired he appeared. "You should rest, too." "I have a few things left to do before I sleep." "What are you doing?" "Work, but not alone. I'm learning to delegate." Draco's thumb covered a bruise above the bandages on her wrist. "You should practice all the things you preach." "Maybe I should." Hermione was heavy with exhaustion. "Everything feels out of my control right now." Her eyes slipped shut but she held on to her tether and hoped she wouldn't drift too far. But she did anyway. They both did. When Hermione woke the first time, she was half on top of him with her head on his chest, listening to him breathe deeply. The rhythm put her back to sleep and she dreamt of nothing. The second time was different: she was roused by the sensation of falling. And she was. But not really. He was putting her to bed in a dimly lit room. Her guest room. He pressed his knees into the mattress as one arm slid from under her knees and the other moved from under her back. Hermione hissed at the discomfort of her unbandaged arm. Her skin was itchy and pulled too tight. Unfamiliar. Inflamed to the touch. The exchange was silent. A question in a look and permission granted when Hermione slowly raised her arms. She helped as much as she could when he peeled the shirt off, and turned her head away as he took in the sight of battered skin and inflamed marks. Leaning back, she let him slowly work off the loose joggers she'd been wearing. Modesty rose in her mind alongside embarrassment. He'd never seen her like this before, but she turned on her side and left her bare back facing him. The bed dipped when Draco sat on the edge and she shuddered not long after from the instant relief found in the application of a minty balm. "Let it breathe." She barely heard him even in the silent room. "Sit up." Hermione did so slowly, arms folded over her breasts, and her eyes fluttered shut as his thumb swept over the mark on her neck. "Could you grab me a larger shirt?" It was clear her question startled him. "I'm not ashamed of my injuries, I'm justÉ cold." Draco did the last thing Hermione expected and stood, removed his own shirt, and offered it to her. When she tentatively accepted, he helped her put it on. Fitted on him but oversized on her, Hermione drowned in the shirt that smelled like all the scents she associated with him. Only stronger. Concentrated in the weave of the fabric. "Stay." Draco never answered. When he waved his hand, the door shut and the lock clicked. Stepping close enough for his leg to brush her knees, Hermione found herself unable to ignore the small connection in the warmth of his body. Life thrummed beneath the surface of his skin. Hermione's eyes traced up the band of his joggers, his abs and scarred chest, the muscles of his armsÑand the sudden peeling back of a certain glamour. No longer a blank canvas, colour drenched his arm as his tattoo slowly took shape. The stillness between them felt akin to the suspense of a breath caught on an inhale. The dragon. Hermione had known of its existence for months. She knew it covered much of his arm, and had seen it from a distance, but seeing the work of art up close was a completely different experience. Taking her time to admire the detailing, she examined its scales and spines, claws and tucked wings. Sinuous and slender, she could see the strength in its muscular legs and feel the fury of the fire it blew. Majestic and terrifying, yet oddly sombre. Fierce and invincibleÑexcept for its belly. Its weak spot was layered above the scarred flesh of his past, and highlighted by the connected dots of a familiar constellation. Draco's eyes were lowered, body tense under her observation, but he turned his arm for her to see. See him. Completely. Just as he'd seen her. Curiosity inspired Hermione. As more seconds passed, she grew bolder. Like the man who carved his heart on his sleeve, there was more to the tattoo than the dragon itself. Hermione confirmed as much when Draco reached to adjust the collar of the shirt where it had slipped down her shoulder. The movement allowed her to catch sight of the rose and narcissus flowers entwined on his inner upper arm. She knew instantly who that piece belonged to. Beautiful but a painfully tender area to etch. The irony of how well it paralleled their relationship was not lost on Hermione, and she would have spared more thoughts about it had she not caught letters trailing down the side of the dragon. Letters that formed two words. Temet Nosce. "What does it mean?" "Know thyself." Draco retracted his arm and rested it against his side. "Wise words from a friend." Hermione took a chance. "Your best friend." There was no hesitation. "Yes." Draco turned away, and just when Hermione was in danger of being distracted by his back muscles, just when she thought there was no more to see, something curious caught her eye. On the back of his arm, above a few small daphnes dancing in a breeze of their own, was an olive tree. Its trunk was wide with age and deep, sure roots, but the ink looked different from the rest. "Is the tree new?" "Yes." "Olive trees mean peace." Something Draco said he was making with himself. Perhaps this was his symbol. The thought dissolved in the minutes it took to arrange themselves on the bed. Draco didn't seem too keen on lying down just yetÑwhispers of his aversion tickled her earÑso he sat up with his back against the headboard. Her hips rested between his legs as she leaned her back against his chest. She focused on each rise and fall of his chest, and the weight of his arms wrapped around her. Hermione ran her fingers absently against the dragon's scales. It made her feel things she couldn't articulate. The lights were dim, it was hard to see, but it was already burned into her memory. Hermione broke the tentative silence with a bold question. "Why a tattoo?" "Why gardening?" "TouchŽ." Hermione noted the prickliness in his avoidance. "I told you once that gardening made me understand that we're all connectedÑ" "And my tattoo is a reminder of that." She closed her mouth. Never had she understood him more than in that moment. Fingers grazed her neck again and she tilted her head. "You don't have to stay here tonight. I know your preferenceÑ" "It's fine." "Why do you sleep on the sofa?" Draco didn't answer immediately, which was better than any other reaction she'd expected. "Astoria." The name came with much hesitation, but Draco exhaled as if he'd crossed the first hurdle. "It was quicker to get off a sofa than out of a bed in a different room when she got too quiet. Easier to checkÉ" Hermione's chest constricted as she filled in the blanks. To see if she was still breathing. She felt sick. "It became a habit." His voice lowered just a bit; she wondered if it was out of deepening discomfort. This was uncharted territory for them both. "I'm not sure if I can sleep in a bed without waking up to make sureÉ" "I'm sorry I asked." Instinct made her reach for his hand. There was a slight tremor that stilled when her fingers covered his. "It wasn't my business." "I chose to answer." "Why?" Hermione's question was barely a whisper. "You don't talk about her much." "I would if I had the words." She felt his heartbeat against her back. Quick like nerves yet he didn't stop or move or leave. Perhaps talking like this was easiest. "What was she like?" Draco's account of her was the only one she didn't have. For some reason, the way he saw her meant more in Hermione's eyes. Her husband would be the truest testament to her character. "Subtle. Strong. In tune with everyone around her, much like Scorpius, which made her deliberate in everything she did and all the words she spoke." "Like you, too." "I learned to choose my words wisely. She taught me patience and tolerance. Helped me understand and begin the act of breaking from tradition and starting to think for myself." His thumb swiped over the grooves of her knuckles. "Even when I was a selfish bastard running from my demons, Astoria never gave up on me. It wasn't in her nature to give up. She loved Scorpius more than anythingÑfilm, art, the starsÉ" "She sounds remarkable." Hermione quietly wished she'd had the opportunity to know her. There was so much she still wanted to know, so much she could only learn from her. Draco shifted behind her, seeming to get more comfortable. As did she. "I've never lost anyone that close to me." Friends that she missed dearly, but not a spouse. Not a best friend. "I don't know how you feel." "Sometimes I don't either." Draco's voice was a low hush. "I spent years working to keep her alive, brewing her potions, and improving upon them. Theo purchased St Mungo's and quietly assisted in experimenting with strengthening the potions each time they began to lose potency. She didn't talk to him after we were married. She never knew." Hermione's heart ached for all of them. "When we reached the end, when we ran out of options, I had time to prepare and plan, but in the end, IÉ I wasn't ready. Scorpius and I were strangers. I think she was the only person ready." "Were you with her?" "No." A small breath escaped him. "I gave them time. It took days, but he talked to her until the end." Them. He. Theo. Both poetic and painful, no matter how arranged their marriage was, she didn't know too many men that would step aside for their dying wife's first love to claim their last moments. Pain, grief, and pride would have ultimately gotten in the way. But not then. Not with him. Theo's respect for Draco made perfect senseÑthe promises he'd made. "Quam bene vivas refert non quam diu." Draco shifted closer. "It is how well you live that matters, not how long. Astoria said that all the time." It sounded like a thank you, confirmation of satisfaction in a life neither of them chose. Maybe a love all their own. "I've made a lot of mistakes before and since." "Haven't we all?" She turned her head, catching sight of him looking away in her peripheral vision. "Daphne said you were her best friend." "Yes, but that wasn't automatic. I wasn'tÑ" "The person you are now?" Draco took a deep breath. And another. "Not even close. About a year into our marriage, a year of me ignoring her, she nearly died. I knew it was possible, but seeing it changed everything. Saving her shaped our friendship and helped me figure things out. I took my duty to her more seriously. We tried, but neither of us could muster anything more, so we settled for what we had. When she was well enough for longer stretches of time, she started talking about children." "Daphne said she wanted him for you." "I didn't understand why she wanted so desperately to take the risk untilÑ" "You held him?" Draco's silence was confirmation of a note she'd read so many months before. "Were you happy?" "I was content." He fell silent and Hermione caught sight of his contemplation. "I struggle with the concept of happiness. It's not permanent. What is found can be stripped away, I've seen it happen, but there are moments whenÉ" "You can't help but feel it." Hermione took in his features, thinking back to each one of his quirked smiles, the way he quietly marvelled over his son, and the way he looked in moments of stillness, when everything was right. Sometimes, she thought she saw hints of it when they were alone. He didn't get too many. "Recovering from my seizure wasn't easy. Parts of me empathise with your mother losing memories because I lost time, independence, and my sense of self. I let go of all my dreams and took a different path. But I learned that recovery isn't always quick, parts of me ache about this, but I've made peace." She tilted her head and rested her ear against the hand that he'd placed on her shoulder, feeling odd and vulnerable. "As for happiness, IÑwell, carving out my own was a wild, ferocious fight for my life. But I'd do it all over again because you're right. Happiness isn't permanent. It's a goal I work towards, and I'm far from perfect. I think you may know my issues as well as I do, but I have no regrets. I'm still learning." Hermione felt his cheek on her head and heard him inhale. She expected nothing else but got far more. "My regrets don't lie with my marriage." Draco paused for a long moment. "In the end, I learned from her, because of her, and now I have a chance to execute each lesson she taught." Her stomach twisted at the words. "It's late." Which also translated to the conversation ending. It was far more awkward settling into a bed than a sofa. Draco was tense at first, but it slowly bled away, then more when the lights shut off. Even more when he turned his head towards her. Sliding an arm under the pillow, she carefully placed her wrapped wrist on his chest and tucked her body into his side. Draco wasted no time tipping her chin up and adding a layer of intimacy to their current position by kissing her deeply. Soon, it diminished to the simple act of their lips touching. A unique closeness that could only happen once pretence was shed and there was nothing left. Except them. "Why don't you know what you want?" The question caught Hermione by surprise but her instinctive response shocked her more. "It's already hard for the wildly independent part of my mind to ask for basic necessities, asking for wants isÑmore difficult." "Your altruism is aggravating." "I don't know how to be selfish. I don't feel it's necessary to ask for things I want. Sometimes it's hard enough just to cut through the noise in my head." "Or maybe you're afraid." "I am." Her confession was nothing more than a whisper. "Of a lot of things I shouldn't fear because they're beyond my control and larger than myself." You. The thought stopped her cold, but she forced herself to move on. Revisit it another day when she could. "Aren't you afraid?" In the dark, all things were unclear, and so was his answer. "For a myriad of reasons." Hermione could list the sources of his possible fears and quietly related to each. "I think it takes courage to admit fear." "I'm not courageous, Granger." "You're more courageous than you think." Silence stretched into something as tangible as Draco's hand in her curls. But when he stilled, she noticed his breathing change, deepen, and even. Hers unconsciously fell into rhythm. Slower. Hermione gave herself to sleep as an exhausted offer, and it accepted, consuming her completely. No dreams or nightmares. Only a field of flowers. There was a weight in her hand and a shadow beneath her. She wasn't alone. Our wounds are often the openings into the best and most beautiful part of us. David Richo Source: Jaxxinthebox Chapter End Notes Art for this chapter: Draco's Tattoo by bookloverdream-blessedindeed & Draco Holding Hermione's Hand by slytherinshit100x & Draco's Tattoo by senshiantares & Hallucinations by Oukyn & Hand Kiss by verymediocre.art & Hermione with the Flowers by adra-art & Injured Hermione by deni_d4nc3r & Hermione Holding Scorpius by insertwittycaption Embedded art by: Jaxxinthebox Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Chapter31: ThePassengerSeat Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Thirty One The Passenger Seat October 7, 2011 Fatigue riddled Hermione's very being. Beyond mental or physical, it was the sort of exhaustion that tugged at her eyelids, leaned on her heart, and made every movement heavy until the proper solace was found. Eventually, she always stopped fighting, closed her eyes, and let herself rest. No matter where she nodded offÑthe sofa, a chair, or while sunning with Scorpius on cool days with warming charmsÑHermione always woke in bed with the ever-present ache in her chest, covered in Draco's blanket, and completely disoriented. But not always alone. Sometimes Andromeda or Pansy was there, or Susan or Padma on days she slept too long, but today Scorpius stood next to her bed, with everything except his face draped in the blanket he now called his. After her coughing fitÑthe remnant of lung damage that would take time to healÑhe shuffled to the edge, dragging the cotton blanket along. She wondered how long he'd been there, but she never asked, only lifted the covers in invitation. He abandoned his blanket and joined her while Hermione debated a second nap after he settled on her pillow, blinking at her. With her good hand, she brushed soft hair from his forehead; her touch was featherlight, lingering on his brow. "Did you have fun gardening with your grandmother and Mr Neville?" Scorpius dimpled just a bit. He'd enjoyed himself. "Did you say hello to the plants for me?' "Yes." The lack of hesitation in his single word response meant he was in what Hermione affectionately thought of as his talking mood, which was becoming rather normal. Normal after time with the Potters when his cheeks were ruddy from running after a toy snitch. Normal after his father read each note Scorpius pulled from his pocket. Some old, one new, but each meaningful. Normal after a day in the garden pulling weeds or digging up potatoes. Which was another new normal for him. The habit had started one day when Narcissa excused herself to meet Neville. Scorpius had perked and asked with his hands to go. They had all been surprised, but Draco agreed so long as Catherine accompanied them, and he'd gone each day since. While Neville and gardening had been part of the initial draw, perhaps it was now driven by the promise of one-on-one time with his grandmother in a place he found peace. The change between Narcissa and Scorpius was tenuous but evident. Narcissa smiled more and seemed settled around him, relaxed even. And that morning, Scorpius, after much hesitation, had surprised them all when he'd approached his grandmother after tying his own shoes unassisted for the first time. He was proud of his accomplishment. And so was Narcissa. She'd told him so, possibly even for the first time, and the way he'd stared at her, smile fading slightly, turning earnest, meant he'd believed her. It was the moment Hermione released her worries of him retreating into himself. But also the moment she truly thought about resilience. Of a child. Of people. Of herself. Scorpius still hadn't spoken to another adult, nor was he ready. He'd whispered a confession before bed last night that he wanted to, and Hermione assured him that when he was ready, everyone would listen. For now, she worked on his confidence during their quiet talks, and eased his nerves by praising each verbal milestone. Draco remained steadfast in earning his son's trust while Narcissa remained silent on the matter altogether. She seemed at ease with the bond they were forming. Scorpius was communicative in private, controlled spaces with little to no chance for interruption. Simple, single word comments were his favourite, but three days ago, he'd paced his dad's office for twenty minutes on the edge of tears until Draco carefully excused himself. Scorpius had waited just a bit longer before pulling himself together to awkwardly ask for a hug and a story. They both froze. Before he could flee, she'd agreed to his first request, holding him close and murmuring into his hair that he never had to ask. The second request was honoured a few minutes later when he cuddled at her side while Hermione told a story about the sun falling in love with the unfreeable moon who only was visible in the fleeting moments of dawn and dusk. Draco had returned for the beginning of the tale and stayed throughout. "Are you the sun?" he asked hours later when they were alone. His hand travelled a familiar course up and down her back while she battled between grounding herself and flying away. "Or are you the moon?" "Neither. I'm Earth." Too tired to do anything more, Hermione closed her eyes and relaxed with the rhythm of his heart in her ear and the slow rise and fall of his chest under the palm of her aching hand. "Who are you?" "The moon." Untouchable to the lonely sun, but locked in an orbital dance with Earth. Held at arm's length by gravity. Hermione still thought about his response even now while looking at his son. Scorpius booped her on the nose and they laughed together until it faded into sighs. "Do you want to play The Name Game?" Blue eyes brightened. It was a game Hermione had started just the week before to figure out what he called everything, and get him comfortable with answering small questions. Her smile grew when he scooted closer, waiting patiently for her to begin. "Hmm, what do you call Albus?" Scorpius wore an expression that was very Draco. "Albus." "Okay, that was a silly one." She laughed when he visibly agreed. "Let's see. What do you call the plants in your dad's office?" He didn't hesitate, but very slowly answered, "Granger." "What?" Hermione turned her head and coughed, more from the surprise than anything. "Why that name?" Scorpius' shrug was as childlike as he sometimes was not. "Daddy says it." Oh. Now, Hermione was curious. "Your dad calls all the plants Granger?" "Yes." It must have sounded ridiculous to Scorpius because he giggled. Hermione felt warm, flushed, even, from imagining Draco speaking to the plants. In her head, he sounded every bit as posh as he was and looked irritated while pretending not to be under the watch of his son's eagle eye. Quintessential Draco Malfoy Scorpius remained relaxed next to her, which was good, because she'd started The Name Game to build up to an important conversation that needed to be had about a certain name. "And your name for me is mum?" The little boy's eyes were open and earnest, his cheeks pink, and his nerves visibly building before he nodded slowly. "Yes." "Is that what you want?" If possible, Scorpius blushed harder. His answer came out in a squeak. "Yes." "Like your mum?" "No." His face shifted to an expression so sad it made Hermione ache for himÑwith him. "Mummy was sick." "She was." Hermione had to clear her throat. "I never met her, but I do know a few things: she loves you and misses you. She wishes she were still here." "I know." Scorpius looked a little sad but nowhere near as morose as he had been. "Daddy said so." Her heart lurched. Draco had kept his promise. Whatever you want to know about your motherÉ "Does that make you feel better? When he tells you about your mummy?" He nodded slowly. A knock on the door ended the conversation before either was ready. "Come in." It was Catherine. "Sorry to interrupt, but Mr Malfoy stepped out for a minute to retrieve documents from the Potters and wanted to make certain you were awake in time for therapy." "I am." "Zippy has lunch ready for you." It took several minutes for her and Scorpius to make it downstairs. He led the way, but looked back after each step to make certain she was all right. Hermione still moved slowly. Her body was sore from both exercise and physical therapy, heavy with residual sleep, and ached from a cough that left her chest burning. By the time she was safely on the landing, Draco emerged from the Floo with a stack of parchments. And a visitor. Albus. They made an incongruous sight. Draco was put together in all black, and Albus was messy in a red jumper and jeans with what looked like a fresh hole in the knee. His hair was an absolute mess, and his hands were probably sticky, given the way Draco frowned at his own hand when he let Albus' go. Ever careful, Scorpius didn't walk over until he made eye contact with Hermione. "I'm fine. Go on and say hi." Albus signed a greeting slowly and blushed when Scorpius fixed his fingers to show him the right way to ask if he wanted to paint. He tried it again, and then there were two boys side.by-side peering up at the long-suffering Draco. Hermione approached slowly. "I didn't know you were bringing Albus over?" The comment made the boy in question's grin widen, carefree and pure, and she could see that his new tooth was nearly filled in. "Mr Draco said I could come play!" "I did not." "But I'm here now." The way Draco's face fell when the validity of Albus' logic dawned on him made Hermione smother her laugh with a cough. A tiny one escaped when his son's best friend continued by proudly declaring, "Mr Draco says I'm his least favourite Potter, so that means he likes me!" Draco opened his mouth to correct him, but it was very clear there was no arguing with the smiling child. Upon realising this, he pinched the bridge of his nose and exhaled. Albus did the same in a playful yet mocking way, and Scorpius giggled so hard that Draco softened ever so slightly. "Your dad is the funniest." The comment made both Malfoys exchange looks. Scorpius tilted his head in question, almost as if he were trying to figure out if Albus' statement was true or false, but then his smile morphed slowly into something content. He stepped closer to his father, who had reduced himself to their height, and signed a question. Can we paint? Please? "Yes." Draco signed the answer, too, which demonstrated just how much progress they had made in communication. "Find Catherine to help set up your canvases." Albus all but dragged his friend towards the stairs. Scorpius looked back twice before he stopped and turned back to his father, who answered before his question could even be signed. "I'll hang it on the wall." The promise sent Scorpius off with a pep in his step. Hermione's eyebrow was already arched when his attention shifted to her. "What is it?" "Nothing." She offered a smile only for him and shifted her weight from one foot to the other, feeling a bit tired, but alert enough to ignore it for now. "I wonder if you'll run out of space for Scorpius' artwork." "I'll make room." Hermione had no doubt he would. "You and Al are hilarious." "He's annoying." Draco rolled his eyes. "I dare say worse than his father." "Yet you bring him over every day." "If you must know, Granger, he follows me around like a shadow, constantly asking to come over until I say yes. Of course, his parents find my disdain humorous." So did she. Hermione laughed at the visual while Draco continued to scowl even after she stopped. "Admit it, you secretly like having him around." Draco did not admit anything. Refused to, in fact. He subtly sulked before placing the parchments on the table and drawing her closer, but not with words. The pull to his side only took the curl of one finger and the intensity of watchful eyes that monitored each step. Hermione moved close enough to touchÑsomething she only barely stopped herself from doing while simultaneously wondering if Draco would soon excuse himself because he'd glanced at his watch. "Almost time for your potions." "I know." Hermione gestured to the vials next to the steaming bowl of soup on the table waiting for her. "Lunch first, therapy in half an hour, physical therapy at two." "I'm aware." "What are you doing this afternoon?" Draco remained awfully busy for someone on administrative leave, always in closed-door meetings and working late into the night after putting Scorpius to bed. Hermione tried to poke and prod him for information or clues about what he was doing, but the worst thing about Draco was that he wasn't only stubborn, he was methodical and had planned for each of her attempts to suss out details. He held steady with the same response each time. Today included. "We'll talk later." Cryptic but almost normal. The corners of her mouth flattened as she started to huff and back away, but Draco didn't let her. He pulled her closer and wound his arms around her, resting his chin on the crown of her head. Something uncoiled in her, and the warmth of the sensation set her on edge. "Are you joining me?" Her question was purposefully low. Comfortably unsettled. Just like her. "Do you want me to?" He never let her answer. "More specifically, what do you need?" This was the same question Draco gruffly asked before each therapy appointmentÑphysical or otherwise. Most of the time, Hermione had no response, but today, she placed her fist on his chest and slowly uncurled her fingers. The effort was evident in her sharp hiss of pain as she observed her trembling hand. Like each attempt before, worry struck like lightning: quick and dangerous. "I'm restless and therapy makes it worse, no matter how much I know I need it." Confessions like these rubbed her raw. It was too difficult to look him in the eye, so she spoke to his chest. "I wouldn't mind the distraction beforehand." Draco said nothing else as he led the way to the table. Hermione took her potions and slowly ate soup while he updated her on the experimental potion he tried to work on in what little spare time he could find. Conversation stimulated her stagnant mind. Harry's arrival marked the end of lunch and the rare snatch of time she saw him during the day. "Secret meeting?" "Won't be one for long." Draco leaned over until his mouth hovered next to her ear. A finger curved under her chin, turning her head towards him. "Focus on therapy. I'm handling the rest." Draco didn't kiss her. But her heart raced regardless. Therapy remained a mystery to Hermione. She began each appointment not knowing the outcome or how she would feel. The therapist also seemed out of her element in the unconventional location of their appointment. Due to security needs, the small sitting room off the main area had been converted into a meeting space. To ease them both, they began with conversational platitudes. The weather. The long week. The Quidditch match between Bulgaria and Spain neither cared about. Hermione tried to drag it out for the entire session, but her therapist gave her a knowing look over the rim of her glasses; a silent reminder that she knew every conversation avoidance tactic. Though Hermione hadn't been her regular patient in years, her habits and tendencies were memorable. "What would you like to discuss today?" It was the worst question in existence, and entirely to blame for Hermione's difficulty in setting the course of a therapy session she was supposed to steer. Each attempt to divert to the point of these sessionsÑcoping with the trauma of nearly dying and talking about the attack itselfÑbrought her face to face with one of her biggest problems. Her mother. Or, perhaps, how easy it was to link a traumatic event to a relationship that had been in a state of crisis for years. One second Hermione was dreading the session, and the next she was spilling her frustrations and realising her own faults in it all. The chime that ended the session left her with a spinning head and hurting heart as she stared into the face of the assignment she had yet to complete. "Find true calm." Her therapist closed her book. "Have you worked on that, Hermione?" No, she hadn't. "I'm still looking." Hermione usually found it in moments with people, familiar activities, and the quiet before bed. But things were different. Tranquillity was more elusive now than ever before, and serenity seemed impossible to achieve. As days passed and thoughts she'd set aside and buried were unearthed, her consciousness turned into an inexhaustible and restless minefield. She realised she was living a precedent. Not even after her seizure had she truly stopped like now. Back then, Hermione had bought a house and created a garden to regain her sense of self. Her first recovery had involved combining optimism for the future with acceptance of the past. There had always been something to tend to during the lulls. But now everything, even Draco, was in constant motion, revolving around her while she remained stagnant. Hermione had never been more frustrated in her life. It crawled up her spine, tightening that knot between her shoulders. Unable to shake it, unable to put it out, the feeling spread and very little could deter it. Her assignment was more like a punishment. By the time she had her appointment with Susan later that afternoon, it felt as though the walls were closing in on her. When Hermione felt the first cramp, after pushing through a bout of fatigue during an exercise, she dropped to her knees. Susan was right there, guiding her to sit down and slowly massaging the muscle. "You seem off today. More than yesterday." Susan's approach to therapy was a mix of everything: exercises, stretches, goals, assignments, potions, and charms. Daily sessions were spent regaining her strength. Physically, there was nothing wrong. The muscles had been regrown, the bones fixed, and the skin mended, but her body was weak and easy to cramp. Her brain remained detached, unable to make the connection that she was no longer broken. It struggled to remember that she was whole. Alive. "I'm fine." The look Susan gave was reminiscent of ones they all reserved for Lisa. "I've seen the inside of your leg and put your fingers in my pocket for safe keeping, try again." When put like thatÉ "I'm frustrated." The statement left Hermione feeling unmoored with nothing to reach for. "I'm sick of the fatigue and the pain. I'm completely out of my element and I feel like a stranger in my own skin. I've got little to no control overÑ" "You've been through significant trauma." Susan stopped her before frustration tipped into tears. "I understand how you feel, it's valid, but at the same time, you could have died. That's not something you can easily move on from." "I know." It was always a sobering thought. "There's a lot going on, even if no one talks to me about it. I'm just not used to being useless." "You're not useless, you're recovering, even if you're pushing yourself." Her friend's brown eyes narrowed into a glare. "Don't think I don't know how much time you spend worrying about the state of your hands or pushing yourself to speed up your recovery." She squinted. "Who told you?" "I don't need a specific account to know. It's who you are." Susan glanced at the door. "But during his session, Malfoy did allude to the fact that you started joining him for water exercises." "Hydrotherapy is good for the muscles without the strain orÑ" "And it has nothing to do with a certain man keeping you company, right?" Susan snorted loudly at her affronted look and accompanying blush. "I'm just giving you a hard time. Hydrotherapy is good, and we would be there now, but I don't swim. As aggressive as I am with therapy, I don't want you to overdo it either. Fifteen minutes of water exercises and fifteen minutes of exercises in here maximum. Not a half-hour of each." Susan folded her legs and offered her hand. Hermione knew what to do, placing her newly unbandaged wrist into her friend's palm. The bruises were gone but her tremor was noticeable. As was her inability to hold any sort of weight. Once again, Hermione spread her fingers. Even with potions in her system, the pain hadn't fully abated, and neither had her fear of permanent nerve damage. Magic could heal a lot of broken things, but some damage could not be undone. "I still believe it's psychosomatic." Susan touched the tips of each finger, focusing on their small, involuntary twitches. "Are you doing the exercises I assigned?" "Yes." With Draco's help. Each morning before Scorpius came down for breakfast. Sometimes she did them alone, but frustration always stopped her efforts, leaving her feeling overstretched and overwhelmed, sitting in the corner and telling herself to breathe. "Can you feel this?" Susan began bending each finger slowly, then tilting her wrist. Hermione took deep breaths to stop herself from feeling dizzy. "Talk to me and focus on what I'm doing or you're going to panic and I'm going to have to shove a Calming Draught down your throat." Hermione's following chuckle was ragged. It took time to gather her thoughts. "I feel it." Increasing sensation did wonders for her nerves, but the tremor returned and conquered. The pinch of pain was jagged as it sliced up her forearm and into her elbow. Susan only observed. "Hmm." Hermione didn't like the sound of that. "What is it?" "It's too soon to say for certain if it's permanent." Susan summoned the sling Hermione hated wearing and helped her into it. "Keep this on for the rest of the day. Remember what I said about the exercises. Don't overdo it. You can take an Invigoration Draught when you leave, but please allow yourself to rest." "The fatigue leaves me no option." Hermione was a little irritated by the simple fact that her arm felt better the instant the sling was in place. "Overall, there's not much I can do. I can't even read for very long before I get headaches and feel nauseous." "For the hundredth time, you're doing too much." Susan's exhale sounded too much like Draco's about Albus: long-suffering. "When was the last time you went outside? And I don't mean in the garden." "IÉ security." They had always been around, but now the Auror presence in the area had increased. Hermione heard a small fraction of the whispers, paid attention to the clues gathered from those around her, and managed to get two bits of information from the steel trap known as Draco Malfoy: he'd declined twelve requests for interviews about finding her and his internal hearing was only two hours before her summons on Monday to turn over her memories. The inevitable had been pushed back as long as possible. "Besides, I can't use any form of magical transportation." "I think you need a change of scenery. Might help you find the calm you're supposed to be looking for." Susan got to her feet and helped her up, keeping Hermione steady when she swayed. "Tuesday?" She raised a dark eyebrow. "Or would you both like to keep ignoring the elephant in the room and continue separate sessions? The alternative would save me a lot of time keeping Malfoy updated." "What?" Hermione didn't know he'd been asking. "Look, I won't say my opinion of him has entirely shifted butÑ" She gave a lazy, one-shouldered shrug. "He's not what I thought." High praise from Susan who voiced so few of her opinions. Except about Lisa. "Draco's beenÉ" Hermione found it difficult to put his behaviour into words. Draco was both reassuring and critical, distant but attached in an odd way she was beginning to find comfortable. He never hovered, only listened and observed indirectly. Whatever she needed appeared without question, which warred with her independent spirit and ideology. But there was a tiny part of Hermione that didn't allow her to outright deny the truth. She didn't exactly mind it. "He supported you, and still does, but he's also a bloody tyrant." Susan squeezed her hands into fists as if she were actively trying not to seek Draco out to strangle him herself. But then she huffed a laugh and completed her visual assessment. "Hate to say it, but it's what you need while you recover. Probably beyond, too." Hermione rolled her shoulder as words stacked on top of all her unearthing thoughts. "Draco doesn't talk about finding me or the week I was unconscious." In fact, he actively avoided each attempt and even left the room a few times until she finally gave upÑat least for now. "Nobody really does." Susan fixed her ponytail and made Hermione sit in a chair. She paced a bit before finally speaking. "I might joke, but I hope you understand how difficult it was to see you like that." Hermione could tell she was choosing her words wisely. "I know you want to know everything because it'll make you feel in control, but we're still reeling. We'd just gotten Padma stable when Malfoy appeared with you. Your pulse was so weak we couldn't find one at first, not even through magical means. As soon as we got your airway clear and your vitals stable, the hallucinations started and no one so much as exhaled until the poison was out of your system, least of all Malfoy." The explanation left her uneasy enough to understand Draco's reluctance. "I will say Malfoy was the only one who knew everything you kept up with. He gave orders and didn't accept arguments. Naturally, Harry had to break things up a few times between him and Ron." Hermione could only imagine how that went. "I don't think anyone knew you two were together." "We're not?" She shifted uncomfortably in her seat as another topic rose from the place it had been buried in her mind. "I meanÑwe're in this in between phase where a lot of things aren't spoken or official and the time isn't right. He's beenÉ" Careful. Not to touch her too much or too tight. Not to look too closely at what would likely be permanent scars after the first night. Most of the bruises were beginning to fade, cuts and wounds were healing, but not the ones around her neck. Those were slow to heal for unknown reasons, but Draco remained undeterred, rubbing salve on them each night and monitoring the progress when she couldn't. When it became a struggle to do so. Hermione appreciated the quiet sentiment, the steadiness and strength. She didn't have to ask for his help. Or the glamour when she was around Scorpius. Susan let it down to look at the true state of her wounds. She made Hermione stand again to evaluate her right sideÑall scarred skin and irritated flesh. "This is getting worse. Theo thinks it's a reaction to the potion we used to grow your skin. I'll look for options to help. How does it feel?" "It used to only itch, but now it hurts when the pain potions wear off." Hermione turned her head and coughed. It was dry and burned her chest, but she pushed through. "The salve Draco uses helps temporarily, but my skin still feels strange. I know exactly which bits were grown. It's the same with my leg. I get phantom pains." They were like nightmares: sudden and unexpected. "We're still looking for solutions, but for now, this weekend your assignment from me is to relax. No exercises in the pool or in this room. Take some time to reorient. How's therapy going?" Hermione gave Susan a look which made her friend hold both hands up in surrender. "Touchy subject, I get it. Padma gives me the same looks when I ask." She pulled down Hermione's shirt. "I told Malfoy about your need for a free weekend during our last session because I know how you are." The sulking look made Susan laugh until she sobered. "Malfoy's a terror to deal with because of his inability to mince words, the way he looks and tends to talk down to people, and his refusal to compromise on certain things. But when you were hallucinating and incoherent, he took you seriously. He talked to you like you could hear him." Hermione coughed and looked down. "I'm certain I could." Susan's sharp inhale before they exchanged looks spoke volumes. "Bits of things, nothing I can recall except Draco telling me to drink." The rest was harder to speak on. The flashes she could remember were memories and hallucinations that blended and bent reality until she didn't know if she was dreaming or awake. But the timer went off before anything else could be said, and while Susan packed up, Hermione couldn't help but think about what her friend had gone through. "I hope you're taking care of yourself, too." The comment made the witch turn her head and snort. "I have better coping mechanisms than you lot. I took yoga and meditation seriously, unlike you." The pointed look given was accompanied by a small gesture towards the mat they'd started the lesson on. Hermione had failed two minutes in. A record. "If you must know, I harass the blokes in my fencing class and serve as a guinea pig to Hannah who wants to learn how to brew beer. Seeing you recover helps, but I have a lot of outlets. Don't worry about me, I'm fine." Her eyes travelled to the door. "Pretty sure Narcissa Malfoy is out there pretending she's not waiting for you." Susan was right. "Miss Bones. Miss Granger." "Narcissa." The witch made a gesture, and before following, Hermione looked back as her friend waved while barely suppressing her amusement. Sachs met them at the stairs and they went up. Hermione was incapable of ignoring Narcissa's eyes on her back or the quiet encouragement from Sachs. The Invigoration Draught Sachs produced when they reached the top was a surprise. Hermione took it with little hesitation, feeling better instantly. It wouldn't last forever, but it would do for now. Narcissa excused herself with Sachs while Hermione walked on alone. Padma was waiting for her in the living room. Dressed casually with her hair pulled back, the only physical evidence of injury emerged from Padma's hairline and stopped at her eyebrow. A scar surrounded by irritated skin. It was surprising to see it on display because Padma usually hid it behind a strategic part of her hair. Hermione didn't ask, only greeted her with a one-armed hug that seemed to ground them both. "Good, bad, or in between?" Padma sighed. "My mum and aunts sobbed loudly when the beautification charm didn't cover my scar." "SoÉ bad?" "In between." Padma shrugged as a slow smile played on her lips. "Parvati started yelling at everyone long enough for me to slip out unnoticed. Tea outside?" It was something they did daily, so long as the weather held. At first, they just held hands in silence while Scorpius coloured or took tentative steps towards trying to catch the toy snitch that had been collecting dust in a toy box until Albus' re-emergence in his life. But each day sparked more conversation that drifted from topic to topic. They learned more about each other than ever before as the bonds of their friendship tightened through the healing process. To Hermione's surprise, Scorpius enjoyed Padma's visits. Like everyone before, their first meeting was full of scrutiny that had nothing to do with the very noticeable scar, but rather a quiet awe because she'd commented about Mint standing straight unprompted. He'd offered his hand and she'd shaken it, not knowing just how big of a moment it was for him. They'd both smiled openly at each other. While unmemorable in the grand scheme of the day, the moment defined its significance after talking to Blaise. Not because he'd mentioned it being her first smile since waking, but because of his palpable relief. Today, the sun was out, the air was cool but not cold, and there was no breeze. It was the perfect day to sit at the table outside. When Padma excused herself to the loo, a coiffed and elegantly dressed Narcissa took her place for a few moments before her occupational therapy appointment. "How are things with Charles andÑ" "You are supposed to be on medical leave, but things are fine." Narcissa made a face as if the stressed word was not welcomed into her vocabulary. "I have not had an Apparition incident since the changing of the wards, but the muscle tremors are increasing, if you must know." Hermione already did. The hand on her back earlier. The consistent habit of braiding her hair without asking. She'd felt each tremor for herself. "I hear your summons is on Monday." By nature, the shift in conversation made Hermione suspicious. "It is." There was a pause. "Are you prepared?" "I am." It wasn't something she had spared much thought. Hermione wasn't unfamiliar with the process. Her memories had been taken during the trials after the war and that had been a quick, painless ordeal. "Who will escort you?" "Percy." A tilt of her head gave Narcissa's confusion away. "Interesting." "Why do you ask?" Hermione shifted in her chair. "For the same reason I braid your hair every day, pretend not to wait for you to finish physical therapy, and do not speak on anything I have seen. I am trying something new." Hermione didn't have time to delve into the layers of meaning between Narcissa's words because Harry stood at the door. Waiting for her. "I wonder what Mr Potter wants." Hermione wondered, too. There were too many people in Draco's office. Perhaps that was the reason he somehow looked both at ease yet exasperated beyond words. But Hermione was drawn less to him and the vial of what looked like a memory in Percy's hand, and more to the new addition to the space. A table with a map that had tiny diamonds in various places, a few of which were moving and spinning. Percy, Harry, and to her surprise, Hestia, were gathered around, comfortable in a place they had frequented so little. If ever, in Hestia's case. Floating teacups and Harry's jacket thrown over the back of the sofa were indicative of the fact that he'd been there a while. Blaise and Padma were peering at the map and frowning like they couldn't comprehend it. "This discussion needs to happen in another room, preferably out of my earshot." Hestia looked around at each of them. "I'm not as skilled at Occlumency as Mr Malfoy. The less I know the better." Blaise stayed behind with Padma and Hestia while Draco led the way to the office where Hermione had her therapy appointment earlier. Unconsciously, she took the chair Draco had pulled out for her, and felt him behind her still when Percy began explaining the situation. "Harry thinks we should bring you into the fold of everything that's happened and the developments in the investigation. I would prefer to wait until after your summons, however, with Draco as the deciding vote, I was overruled." Percy's eyes cut to the man behind her then back. "Much to my surprise." But not to hers when Hermione thought about it. Draco had promised in his own way. "Okay, but first why are Padma and Blaise in Draco's office?" "To be briefed." Percy adjusted the cuff of his green dress shirt before taking a seat and crossing his legs. "Padma's summons went on as scheduled without incident, but yesterday Cormac turned up at Blaise's office with investigators loyal to Tiberius. They attempted to interrogate him about the restoration." Hermione was instantly annoyed. "What does Blaise know about the restoration?" "Other than its existence, nothing. Same with Padma. Rita has been working with us, as has Parvati." And there were no secrets between the sisters or the soon-to-be married couple. "Parvati has been gathering evidence on other Wizengamot members. It's hard to notice the corruption of others when Tiberius is in our faces, but it runs far deeper than just him." They would have to scorch the entire department from the inside out just to cleanse it. She looked from Percy to Harry, who seemed ready to speak. "There's more." Harry scrubbed a hand over his face before scratching his chin, covered in the facial hair he hadn't bothered to shave. "Your summons will likely take place privately." "Frankly, I don't care who's there." Hermione folded her arms. "With an official summons, I have no choice but to cooperate. I just want it to be over so I can leave as soon as possible." "We want you to cooperate. Mostly." The inflection in Draco's voice made him sound as if he were joking when he very much was not. "At least, we want you to give the pretence of cooperation." "What?" She cut her eyes at Percy who nodded. Now Hermione was intrigued. "We've spent the last two weeks trying to figure out what you saw." Draco was obviously choosing his words carefully. "Canvassing the scenes, viewing your memory, gathering evidence, and interrogating the captured Death Eaters, but we haven't been able to decipher anything useful or figure it out." "I could have watched my memory." "And subject yourself to repeatedly watching a traumatic event?" Harry visibly blanched, looking as though he would rather face Voldemort again than let that happen. "Not a chance." Draco stepped out from behind her, and approached a bookshelf. "None of us want the knowledge of the notes in Ministry hands, as it would put our work in jeopardy. We also don't want them to know where or what happened after Greyback took you. Not for certain, at least. Hestia knows enough to jump through bureaucratic hoops for manpower and resources, but she doesn't want to know more than that." Well, that explained her comment. "How could I possibly get away with giving a false memory?" "If you were proficient in Occlumency, you could edit the memory, but you're not." "I could learn." "Of course you would suggest learning something as complex as Occlumency days before your inquiry." Draco gave a small, annoyed huff that was accompanied by a quick eye roll. "I can't train you in your current condition, nor am I inclined to. I'd tear your mind apart with the slightest push." He had a fair point. "The plan is to swap your memory for another's." "Whose?" "Mine." "How?" Hermione's eyebrow rose sharply. "You weren't there." "No, I wasn't." There was a tinge of discomfort beneath the surface. "However, I've viewed your memory enough times to create a false copy." A look passed between them. Her breath caught, but Draco continued, unfazed. "I know how to omit things, and the decrease in clarity of the memory can easily be explained by your mental state at the time." Draco waved his hand before she could launch into an inquiry of her own. "Anyway, it's already been done. Yesterday, to be exact." Draco truly had been busy, but Hermione doubted that was the extent of it. "There's also the media. Rita has been pressing for an exclusive interview." Harry shrugged when everyone looked at him. "What? I know it seems minor, but the media talks about little else except HermÑ" "I'd rather not subject myself to an interview." Hermione looked down at her sling before placing a protective hand over it. "I wasn't the only one there. I wasn't the only brave person." "You're a war hero who took on a number of Death Eaters during an attack on St Mungo's. Then you saved the life of a friend while injured, were kidnapped, and escaped on your own." Percy ignored the daggers being shot at him by Draco. "I understand and agree with your decision, but perhaps a small update might suffice." "You can do that, but nothing more. I mean it." "The media isÑ" "A circus." "With that many witnesses, it didn't take long for stories to emerge." Harry looked over at Draco. "We couldn't stop them. At first, criticism came down heavily on the Auror's Office and Task Force. But then there were dozens of leaked documents about the Wizengamot not signing off on increased security measures. It's been chaotic at best for the Minister's office and Tiberius." "Chaotic enough for everyone to sign off on whatever we ask for without reading it." Percy looked nothing short of humoured. "He even signed off on the investigation into the notes, although it wasn't worded as such." "The notes just need to be tracked down." Hermione's brows furrowed. "How much more is there to it?" All three men seemed to make a silent decision on who was going to deliver the news. Harry lost. "We've wanted to keep you as uninvolved as possible." Percy was runner-up. "We're not even sure if it's going to work." Draco won. "It already is working." "Explain." Hermione held up her hand, feeling a familiar tickle in her throat that always came before a coughing fit. When it passed, she gestured for him to continue despite the tightness in her chest. "I'm fine. Go on." He didn't appear to believe her but did as requested. "I told you there were a few active notes. We've been tracking them down, snatching the Death Eaters carrying them, and replacing them with Aurors using Polyjuice. So far they've fed us locations and information." That was smart. "Using their tactics against them." Hermione almost smiled. "Yes." "We've accounted for all the notes we could," Harry added. "What aboutÑ" Greyback. They all knew. "The Aurors we have in there say they're all furious at Greyback but won't exterminate him because he's valuable and powerful." Harry shifted from right to left. "He's been healed of the curse, but not completely. They don't know how but they think his Lycanthropy is keeping him alive." "Best question: who are they?" "My uncles and others who were in the inner circle before Voldemort's death." Draco approached the edge of the desk, leaning on it. "The power structure within the Death Eaters is an oligarchy, much like the Ministry now with the Wizengamot controlling all the actions of the Minister. They won't follow one person, as they believe having a lone leader will end up with skewed and selfish motivations." Hermione nodded along, processing the information. "Like Voldemort's hyperfixation on killing Harry and immortality." "I don't remember them being very smart." Harry scratched his head. "At least not smart enough to coordinate an attack like the one on St Mungo's." "Neither do I, but while the element of surprise was inspired, there was little rhyme or reason in the attack as a whole. We couldn't figure out the purpose. Theo's office was untouched. Potter thought it was you, and perhaps that was Greyback's goal when he realised you were there, but nothing else about it made sense." Hermione yawned suddenly. Harry chuckled. "Appears the meeting is over for the day." "No, I'm fine. IÑ" "Get some air." The edge in Draco's tone left no room for argument. "We'll come back to this." Standing took both effort and help in the form of Draco's offered hand. He lingered after Percy and Harry left, and with an even expression, he looked her over before he stepped closer. "Why are you in a sling?" "Susan thinks it'll help." "How's your head?" "It's fine. I'm fine." And it was true. With a nod, Draco excused himself, likely to finish up whatever they were doing with the map in his office. Hermione spotted Catherine in the kitchen with Zippy before returning to the outdoors. Blaise stood watch by the doorway, arms folded and eyes glued to where Padma was seated on the blanket with Albus and Scorpius. The sight was wholesome with bits of Albus' constant chatter filtering over to where they stood. He was going on about starting lessons with Scorpius next week and how excited he was for it, but what warmed her heart was watching Scorpius, who was sitting next to Padma, reach over and smooth the space between her brows with his thumb. Padma grinned. Blaise simply observed, and the corners of his mouth twitched before a small chuckle escaped. For a moment, Hermione wasn't sure if he noticed her at all. He seemed lost in thought, focused on his fiancŽ as she smiled at the boys and talked to them both. Hermione's question escaped before she could hold it back. "How are you doing with all this?" "Me? What about you?" His dark eyes cut to her. "Truth." "It's not easy." Hermione tried to roll the tension out of one shoulder. "You?" "One day at a time." His gaze returned to the sight before them. "We found out yesterday that her migraines are likely permanent, as is the scar. Padma's strong and dedicated to her work, so she's been quiet about what this could possibly mean for her career." Padma hadn't told her that. Likely due to her own fears about permanent injuries. "What she doesn't understand is that her scar is a reminder of how strong she is. I'd rather it be permanent than the alternative." Blaise offered his hand for her to shake in an abrupt move that left her momentarily speechless. "Everyone tells me I have you to thank for that." "IÑdon't thank me. I couldn't leave her like that." Hermione shuddered at the memory of the deal she'd made with the devil to keep her friend safe. "I would have made the same decision again even with the same outcome." "I'll thank you anyway." They stood in a silence that was weighted yet comfortable. Hermione hadn't spent much time with Blaise beyond him delivering ingredients to her house and little, odd conversations over the years. She barely knew him outside of what she'd observed and been told, so it was easy to leave the quiet undisturbed as they watched Padma, but unnatural for it to sit for too long. Apparently Blaise agreed. "I need another favour from you." Hermione toyed with the end of her braid. "What is it?" "I need to borrow your greenhouse." Blaise slid both hands into the pocket of his trousers. "I know Padma. She'll want to postpone the wedding and IÉ refuse to." The determination in his voice held a different tone but sounded familiar. "I proposed again this morning and I'll keep doing it until I can make good on my word, preferably in two weeks, when you're both cleared for magical travel. We'll still have the wedding in February, butÑ" "This will be for the both of you." Not their families. Not anyone. "Exactly." His eyes slid over to her. "And since you're doing me a favour, I'll do you one as well." "I don't need anythiÑ" "I thought Draco was evasive about you for his own sake, but I realise it's for yours." Hermione froze like a statue, and her mouth went dry. All she could do was blink and think and wait. "Whatever choice you make about him, make it once and completely." Paralysed with the sick sensation of drowning in her own blood, Hermione woke up gasping for air. She shut her eyes and reoriented herself to reality and the bed she'd wound up in alone. Too restless to wait, Hermione dragged herself out of bed, stepped into her slippers, and made the slow walk to the kitchen for water before continuing towards the light at the end of the hall. Draco stood alone, peering down at the map on the table. "It's late." Focused on his task, her words seemed to startle him, and grey eyes cut in her direction. "You were asleep." No longer wearing her sling, Hermione held her injured arm close to her body and used the other to fix the shoulder of the shirt she was swimming in. "I woke up." They both knew why. "I was just finishing up." Hermione joined him at the small table, taking in the sight of the map that she'd only gotten a glimpse at earlier. There were eight swirling diamonds. "What is it?" "Letters. On the Aurors we planted." "Is this how youÑ" "Yes, in a way." He sounded detached and clinical, eyes so distant she wondered if he was Occluding, but she hoped he wasn't. Draco pointed at a diamond. "Each note is attached to a diamond. Because there are so many, I use the map when I need to see the location of more than one. The beacon spell lasts thirty days so most were on the move or still at the hospital when I activated the spell. I picked the ones that were still." Draco raised his hand and summoned a diamond from his desk. He placed it on the edge of the map and whispered a spell to make it glow like the others and move automatically. It stopped in the Forest of Dean. Far, far from home. "The first stationary note led me to where you'd been Splinched." He'd found pieces of her first. "Eventually I made it to the last stationary spot. You had two on you. I left one buried to find it again so I could bring the team to investigate the area. The otherÉ" Was in his pocket, stained with her blood. Hermione remembered. "I created a Portkey and brought you to the hospital." "How long did it take?" "Not long or you would have bled out." Draco's jaw clenched. "It was close." Too close. Hermione didn't push, feeling his resistance and remembering Susan's words. "Are you coming to bed?" It was a question she asked each night, but his answer remained the same. They left the diamonds floating above the map. Hermione waited by her bedroom door until she heard two knocks before opening it. Draco's hair was still wet from his shower. His chest was bare, shirt slung over his shoulder, leaving his tattoo visible. She let him in. She said nothing and kept her eyes trained on the dragon while he spread the minty balm on her forming scars and irritated skin. Draco's face was always blank while he worked, inexpressive when he pulled her shirt back downÑexcept when something unreadable flashed across his features as he touched the remaining marks on her neck. "It's almost gone." "I know." Draco slept on his side facing the door. It was his way. On the lookout even in his own home. And Hermione began each night facing him, on the edge of her pillow, tracing flames with a single finger. They both ignored the tremor until it worsened. His hand entwined with hers and held on, bringing their joined hands between them. "What woke you?" Draco's murmured question was loud in the quiet surrounding them. "I dreamed I was drowning." She watched him, still tense under the weight of her nightmares. She shifted closer. "What keeps you awake?" "Thoughts. Memories. You." Hermione tensed but kept her eyes on him. Dense and grey, his eyes were like a storm over the sea. Tumultuous, untameable, and completely indifferent to the whims of mankind. Nothing to do except wait it out, but that didn't stop Hermione from trying to temper the heavens. "Have you talked about finding me? IÑ" "I have." Draco took a deep, shaky breath and it mirrored the relief she felt. "A few times. But I don't want to talk about that tonight." "What do you want to talk about?" Often, Draco said little to nothing, but sometimes he waited until she was on the brink of sleep before he spoke. Sometimes they discussed things she already knew, or things she'd been curious about but never asked, but mostly he told her things he never spoke of. Preferences mainly, but he also gave her glimpses into his past and little bits of information that rounded out his character. "Do you travel?" Hermione hadn't expected the question. "My parents travel often, but I haven't in years." "Sometimes I miss France." Draco was slow to continue after his confession. "Have you been?" "Not in a long time, but I wouldn't mind being a tourist again." "France is more than the museums and landmarks, more than books and travel guides. Paris isn't bad, but I prefer the mountains. We have a home in Chamonix my mother hates." "I've neverÑ" "I can take you." Draco shifted but his focus remained on her in that cautious way of his. "You and Scorpius in winter." Before Hermione could answer or even process the idea of him making plans, a stab of pain made her calf spasm and she punched out a grunt. The phantom pain was back and it made him retreat but not leave. Hermione blinked at the ceiling, trying to muddle through until the spell was over, but her muscles tensed more. It felt like a memory. Like agony. Like being split apart all over again. Nausea rose and her heart thundered in her chest as she tried to catch her breath. She didn't want to panic, not now, but it wouldn't be tamed. Hermione wasn't sure when Draco moved, but he was there with a vial that she accepted. Not needing to be told what it was, she drank knowing it would relieve the pain. Draco massaged her leg, and focused on his task, mouth downturned. She felt better in minutes instead of hours. Turning on her side, the pain potion began to work, lulling her eyes shut. Draco moulded himself to her back, and her appreciation was given quietly when she tightened her hold on their joined hands. Sleep came easy with the steady beat of his heart against her back. Hermione woke up alone. Looking to the window, Hermione found her bearings, only to discover that it was still dark, then she glanced at the clock on her bedside. It was just after three. She had a feeling where he might be. The walk was short, but confirmation was soon found when she peeked her head into the open door and spotted something that made her lean on the doorway. The ceiling was covered in stars from a projector that had been pulled out when Scorpius' sleep troubles started last week. Beautiful and calming. But Hermione's eyes didn't stay there long, drawn instead to Draco dozing on his son's bed but not asleep. He didn't look comfortable, curled on his side, arm extended, neck turned in a way that would hurt later. But Draco didn't seem to care. His attention was on Scorpius, who had his head on his father's arm and his thumb in his mouth, sleeping peacefully while buried in Hermione's blanket. The only things sticking out of the blanket were his face, feet, and an arm that was stretched out, fingers firmly wrapped around his. "I should talk to you more." Draco's murmured words startled Hermione, but it wasn't directed at her. Only Scorpius. "You do." Her response announced her presence but he only looked up. "But if you're looking for other things, tell him a story about you. A secret. He'll listen regardless because he wants to. He's interested. Use your history as a lesson, not a threat." "Has he talked aboutÑ" Draco shook his head. "Never mind." From his cocoon, Scorpius made a soft, sleepy noise that momentarily distracted them both. Draco looked perplexed in a way that made her smile, then more when he slowly extracted himself from his son's grip and eased his body out of the bed. Hermione walked around it, removing the bed as a divider, and glanced up at him the moment he scrubbed a hand over his face. "Tired?" "No." Hermione pulled him away. "What do you do when you can't sleep?" "Laps." The look Draco gave her was endless. "But I'm only allowed two." Hermione changed into her swimsuit and slipped into the pool room in time to observe his allowed laps. The sound of moving water was soothing and Draco was just as graceful in water as he was on dry land. When she was comfortably seated on the edge, legs in the water, he dipped beneath the surface in the centre of the pool and swam to her. His hands emerged first before the rest of him followed. Draco wiped the excess water from his face and shook his hair. "Feel better?" "Yes." Draco glanced down at her legs. "Getting in?" "I'm supposed to take a break from exercises." "I know." She joined him anyway, submerging herself completely and resurfacing. Hermione wasn't a strong swimmer, and it didn't take much for her to tire from merely keeping herself afloat. It was hard to tell how they ended up in the middle of the pool with her wrapped around him and his hands firmly on her bum, but there they were, neck deep in water and entwined. "How's your shoulder?" "Improving." "Are you tired yet?" "No." A bead of water ran down his face to the corner of his mouth. Rather than fight the urge, Hermione leaned into it, first testing his upper lip then his lower. Less exploratory and not quite demanding, her kiss was straightforward. An experience in taste that was slightly different, more familiar. Their lips parted with ease as her tongue snaked along his bottom lip before pulling back just a fraction. Eyes open and locked on each other. They'd drifted closer to the wall without her noticing. Time passed, but Hermione was unaware of how much. It could have been seconds or minutes or hours, she didn't know. Draco was quiet, giving her the same look he often did: deeper than the pool they were in. Water lapped against their skin as he shifted her in his arms. Hermione frowned, but Draco huffed an amused noise. "You're not heavy, but you're under strict orders not to exert yourself." Nothing strenuous, physical, or stressful. Those three came in all forms. Bad and very good. The implication of want was loud but deafened by his patience. Draco leaned in again and Hermione sucked in a breath, quick but harsh, and tightened her arms around his neck. "No rush." His lips brushed against hers, and his quiet words drew her in. "For now, this will do." His mouth was on hers again, and surrendering was as natural as the trust she put in him with each word, as easy as each night they opened up to each other through snatches of conversation before falling asleep. Engrossed in the moment, they floated on. And on. Draco never let her go. October 9, 2011 Morning rain left everything damp. The sky was overcast, threatening more rain, but the clouds held the sky at bay long enough for her to step out the front door and look back where Scorpius was at his dad's side. He wanted to come with them, but Draco had whispered something in his ear that made his mood brighten. A secret. One Hermione wasn't privy to until a familiar car pulled into the drive and an even more familiar person emerged. Her dad. She took an unconscious step towards him, then looked back and tilted her head curiously. "We'll meet you there." Hermione's eyebrow rose. "Where?" "Enjoy the ride, Granger." Draco just nodded in her dad's direction and closed the door. All feelings of puzzlement evaporated when she hugged her father, but returned when they were pulling away from the Malfoys' house. "Where are we going?" "Don't worry, I know the way." Leaving London was a nightmare by car, and traffic served as a reminder of the joys of magical transportation. Her dad didn't seem fazed. He had the radio on, hands on the wheel, and rather than being drawn to the streets they navigated, she was more focused on him. Once they were on the open road, with the countryside ahead and the city at their backs, Hermione felt settled enough to speak. "You didn't tell me you were coming." They'd talked for nearly an hour on the phone that had appeared in the guest room last week. "It was a surprise." Her dad snuck a quick glance at her. "How do you feel? Even with the sling, you look better. Stronger." "In some ways I am." Hermione took a deep breath. "In others, I'm not. Are you and Mum still in the safe house?" "We were allowed to return home yesterday evening, but we have Aurors watching our house in addition to all the magic you warded it with. I didn't know you'd done that." "I did it a long time ago. Years ago. To keep you both safe." "Ron told us a lot of what's been going on. With the werewolf, the attacks, the Death Eaters. I had no idea." "I never wanted you both involved. It'sÑ" Why I charmed your memories. "Never mind." Her dad said nothing until the beginning of the next hour. Where were they going? "You're like me in that aspect, you know." She looked at him. "What?" "I start a lot of sentences that I'm afraid to finish." He tapped his finger on the steering wheel before turning the music off. "I put things away to talk about later, or even think about later, and the next thing I know years have passed andÉ and my daughter looks at me like she's not even sure who I am." Hermione stopped breathing. "And I find myself unsure of who she is." Choked up, she could only look out at the greenery that hadn't changed with the season just yet. "And I spend years in the same room once a month trying to speak but not finding the words." Her hands went to her chest, flattening over her wildly racing heart. "It's a never-ending cycle that I want to break." Finally, her emotions released their grip long enough for her to speak. "I do too. I justÑ" Hermione took a breath. "I can't remember a time when I didn't miss you. I should have said something sooner." "I should have, too." Tears escaped and she let them fall. Catharsis was found in release and healing, in enabling seeds of recognition to be sown. "I'm not sure if we'll get back to where we were before, but IÑ" "I understand more than ever why you altered our memories. Ron told us everything. Everything that happened during that year that you didn't want us to know. I'm glad I never knew the danger you were in. I would have been worried sick. ButÉ why didn't you tell us after?" "Mum was upset the moment she remembered, and I just didn't think detailed explanations would make anything better. It was easier to try and move on. Atone and cope." Her dad reached over, took her hand, and squeezed gently when it trembled. "We might not understand your world, but we are your parents. I think a lot of your mother's issues come from feeling obsolete in your life, cut out, and helpless. Sometimes I feel that way, too." Though his eyes were trained on the road, they were wet like hers. "You're our only child, Hermione. We've watched you grow and change, and I've always been proud of you, even if we don't understand the world you live in. Always." Fresh, hot tears continued staining her cheeks red. Hermione sniffed, listened, and breathed. "It's instinct for us to want to protect you, even when it's clear we don't know how, even when it hurts that we can't." Hermione understood but remained quiet, shifting in her seat and leaning against his arm while he changed gears and continued driving through the English countryside. Green and serene. Calming and quiet. Another hour passed before he spoke again. "How your mother has handled this has been a point of contention, but that's between you two. I don't want to dredge it up. Not today, at least. My fault lies in not taking the time to see your world." She sat up when he began to slow. "Which is what I intend to rectify today." It was right then that Hermione realised they weren't just on a ride. When she noticed exactly where they were. What she'd been too distracted by the conversation to process. They were home. Specifically, at hers. When they pulled into the grass, her father turned off the car and looked around before wordlessly getting out and walking to the front of the car. She joined him as he looked around at the sprawling green pasture surrounding her home that led to the mix of colours in the forest. The scent of evergreen was thick in the air. Only two weeks had passed but the land looked different. The trees had turned more. "You live here." He never let her respond. "It's peaceful." Peace that was constantly under threat but worth the fight. "Would you like a tour?" Her question seemed to startle him. "IÑuh, yes." The walk to her front door was silent. Hermione watched as her dad looked around, catching sight of the stream, the sparse trees out front, and the house itself. Before she could open the door, the knob twisted and opened for her. There was Draco with Scorpius at his side, dressed in a different green jumper that protected him from the chill. "What are youÑ" And then she remembered. We'll see you there. "Dad, this isÑ" "We've met." Draco extended a hand. "Mr Granger. Always a pleasure." "Mr Malfoy." The handshake was formal but firm. And then he glanced down at Scorpius, whose smile came easier when he peered up at him. "And who might you be?" "This is my son. Scorpius." Her dad went to stoop before him, and Hermione almost stopped him because it took time for Scorpius to warm to anyone, but the little boy surprised her by only scrutinising him for mere seconds before accepting his hand. Slowly. Tentatively. "I'm Hermione's dad." Scorpius looked curious. Intrigued, even. The tour was quiet. Draco vanished while Scorpius lingered at her side with his hand in hers. They started in her office, which was clean even though she knew she hadn't left it like that. Her dad walked around her brewing room in a way that reminded her of the last person to navigate the space. The same person who was currently in the storage closet putting ingredients away. "I just finished before Catherine delivered Scorpius prior to your arrival." "Finished what?" Draco's response was a long look that sent Hermione on her way with a chuffed eye roll. Her dad looked back once but said nothing. He kept walking. By the time they made it to the living area, Scorpius was freely leading the way to his favourite space. The conservatory. Her dad froze mid-step upon entering the room, then continued in, looking around in renewed awe. As did she when Scorpius picked up one of the rehab plants that was looking much improved and showed it to them both. Then another plant and another before taking him on a tour of the potted conservatory garden while she remained by the door. Bits of her dad's comments and compliments filtered to her ears, and she would have thought it as platitudes given to a child to feign interest if he hadn't looked amazed. Hermione looked on, watching Scorpius warm with her dad's growing interest. Hands on her shoulders made her jolt then relax back against Draco's chest. "How was your ride?" "It was nice." Nice to get out and see the countryside in autumn, nice to talk to her dad, nice to feel like the loose strings between them were finally weaving together. "Thank you for arranging this. What did you say to get him to come here?" "I didn't say anything." The next hour passed both slowly and quickly as the tour continued, not just for him, but for her as well. All was well, the chickens were healthy and happy, and the plants were clearly cared for. Her friends had taken care of everything. Humbled and gracious, even more with the addition of her father, Hermione found herself quieter than usual. Seeing him hereÑin her world, in her life, in her homeÑleft her full to the brim with emotions that threatened to spill over. The mood carried her through the lunch that Draco had clearly purchased and continued after when they settled on the sofa and Scorpius returned with something to keep him entertained. A colouring book. It wasn't long before he had his own marker holder. She looked over at Draco, but found the space beside her in the kitchen empty. Frowning, she wandered to where she thought he might be: the brewing room. And there he was, peeking at the cauldron along the wall. Hermione cleared her throat. "What are you working on?" Draco didn't turn around. "My mother's experimental potion." After washing her hands and drying them on a towel, she joined him at the table he'd cleared to give himself the space needed to calculate. Draco was tapping the pen against his chin as he looked over the changes he'd made to his equations with a concentrated frown. His glasses had slid down his nose slightly and he broke from one action to adjust them before returning. She sat in the chair next to him, their legs touching. "It's important that the Silphium balances with the other ingredients, but there's a specific way that it should be added. I read thatÑ" Draco stopped abruptly. "What?" "You used a book to brew?" "I did." His chuckle was deep in his chest, but Hermione heard it and flushed. "I never said I didn't, only that I had opinions due to you exclusively brewing from books. It'll take a week before we'll know if it works." And then there was the matter of testing its potency before introducing it to Narcissa's regimen. An uphill climb. "We're supposed to be relaxing." She drew him away. "Let's go." Scorpius wanted to show her father the greenhouse. The walk was quiet but short. Side by side, their steps synced as they walked behind Scorpius and her dad. Hermione swore she could feel the heat from his body when their arms brushed. Despite the crispness in the air, it was nice out. The sun was tucked behind the invading clouds, but blue skies were mostly winning their battle for control. The fight would undoubtedly continue, and per the forecast, the clouds would win the war in the end. Draco held the door of the greenhouse open and instead of fuss, she walked in, basking in the immediate change in temperature. Hermione snuck glances at Draco, picking up on the small signs that he was too warm. The barest tint on his ears. The way he kept moving his glasses up as Hermione gave her dad the tour. There were far more plants than she remembered, one of the empty tables was now full, and there was an array of small, flowering trees that had taken a place in the centre. "What is this?" Her dad gestured to what looked like a pot full of soil. "I'm not sure." But Scorpius knew. As did Draco. "Scorpius planted your seeds last week with Longbottom." The look he gave her was proud, but he kept insistently staring at his father, then poked him on the forearm until Draco gave a begrudging huff. "I helped." The visual of Scorpius and Draco planting her daylily with Neville's help was unfathomable yet the image played vividly in her mind. Hermione couldn't help but grin. "I can't wait to see it." She and Draco exchanged looks that held for so long neither of them noticed her dad and Scorpius had moved on. "What is this?" Her dad was looking at the pot of Silphium. "It's an extinct plant. My friend Neville is working to cultivate plants that haven't existed in nature in years. We're using it for a potion for Draco's mother." "She's your patient, correct? The one we went to the library for?" "Yes." She watched her dad pick up the pot Neville had carefully separated from the rest. For some reason, Hermione kept nervously talking, especially when he kept looking at the plant. What was he expecting to see? "All the soil types are different, but the idea was to charm each plant to maintain what the temperature might have been when it existed in nature. Any signs of growthÑ" "Like buds, perhaps?" Hermione frowned. "Exactly." "Look at this." They all approached him, even Scorpius. "Do you see it?" "See what?" "Look." And when Hermione did, it took several passes to see what her father saw. Two new buds. Small, barely noticeable, but alive. Growing. There was something special about new life, something intangible that made it magical. It was a fresh start, a new chapter, a beginning to a journey like no other. But it was also something more. Something they each needed in their own way. Hope. Sunset was nearly finished when Scorpius nodded off with his head in her lap. Draco took him inside to lay him on the sofa, and her father watched him go, waiting until the door to the conservatory shut before looking at her. He looked vaguely amused. "He'sÉ an interesting man." "That he is." "Like still waters, silent men are deep and dangerous." That was quite the statement coming from her father. But not wholly untrue. Draco was still an enigma, a riddle yet to be solved, but the questions that now lingered were different than before. In the last two weeks, he'd spoken more, but also not given much away. There were their normal conversations over morning tea, snatches of exchanges through the day, and the little talks before bed. Not much in the grand scheme of things, not even as long as their first when he showed her the dragon she saw every night, but Hermione couldn't remember ever talking to someone that much. Or listening to each syllable, lest she miss something important. She cared about the crumbs of information offered in low whispers when they were both on the edge of sleep. She'd learned more about the sweet tooth he hardly indulged in, that he'd only had to start wearing glasses last year after more than a decade of reading in low light, and the fact that he didn't care for cardamom. Draco didn't hate the colour red as much as he disliked orange, but when she told him her favourite was green, he said he knew and kissed her before she could ask how. Which led her to a new topic. Draco kissed her once a day, every day, in different locations and at different times. And Hermione couldn't remember kissing someone so much or so often either. Yet she still wanted more. She couldn't remember ever being simultaneously calmed and stirred by someone's touch and presence. Or having the desire to be around a person so unconsciously. Easy to rationalise, it was harder to digest her own reasoning. Hermione had slept alone for years, and she thought she preferred it that way, but now she found herself briefly wondering if she could again. Was waking up each morning to Draco something she could give up when she returned home? The thought alone paralysed her. "You look like you're at war." "I am." Hermione sighed. "I have been." More and more since she'd had so much time to think about everything. The age old problem of thinking while immersed reared its head. And there was also the battle between her head and her heart. "You know, he turned up at the safe house with a note that had a date, time, and two addresses: yours and his, followed by instructions. He gave it to me and left without saying anything." That sounded like Draco. It also explained his comment about not having to ask her father to come. He simply gave him an option and let him decide. The concept was as familiar as coordinating breakfast times for a father to begin bonding with his son. Hermione looked down. The parallels couldn't be ignored. Both were fathers trying to understand their children, trying to bond with them, speak to them, reach for themÑand they had been steadily doing so in their own ways. They had both needed a little help in the end to get there, but they were trying, working, and putting forth the effort. "Took two hours to decipher what his note said." A laugh bubbled in her chest before it simmered into a soft smile. "Draco's handwriting is horrid. Scorpius still can't read it and it took me a while to learn how." Now she could read his notes without squinting. A testament to how far they'd come. "Speaking of, Scorpius is the quietest child I've ever met." "He stopped speaking when his mother died last November, but he's finding his voice again." He'd probably said thirty collective words to Hermione since the first. That morning he'd said good morning instead of signing it and was careful in making sure no one else was around. Still so shy. "He took to you easier than I've seen him take to most adults." "I think that had to do with the fact that I'm your dad." He paused. "He's intrigued by you. I mentioned that at his age you easily entertained yourself like he does and he seemed to want to know more. I told him about your first trip to the library and even to the zoo and he was fascinated." Hermione was surprised. For months she'd been talking to him, helping him open up, figuring out all his cues and clues, but meanwhile he just wanted to know her. "I had no idea." But now that she did, she would do better. Her dad chuckled. "Also, I couldn't help but notice he has a loose tooth next to the one growing in." Forever a dentist. "Another one? Scorpius was not happy about losing his first." "I'd pay good money to see his father handle that." Hermione joined in when he laughed. "If anything, it'll be like the first: a staring contest with an irritated child and a lot of open cabinets and drawers." "Ah, sounds familiar." Her smile widened and she placed a hand on top of his, resting her head on his shoulder. "Thank you for coming, Dad. It means a lot that you're here." "Thank you for letting me." Their hands stayed like that for a while, tremor and all. "If you'll let me, I'd like to come back." "It's a long drive." "But well worth it." When you lose control, you discover new things. Daniel Lanois Chapter End Notes Well hello. Keeping this short because I'm busy writing. Hope you all had a lovely month and hope you enjoyed this chapter. Chapter 32:Heartbeats Chapter Notes *please check the tags of the story for the NSFW art ahead* See the end of the chapter for more notes Thirty Two Heartbeats October 10, 2011 Hermione left an enveloping silence in her wake. It stretched to each corner, touched the ceiling, and permeated the floors with a tension so thick she wondered if it fused to the very oxygen in the room. The mighty roaring in Hermione's ears, and the electric prickling along her skin made her muscles tense. Her heart pounded to a rhythm only wild things could understand. Not in fear or fury. Only adrenaline. But when she turned to leave, the silence snapped, and a swell of demands rushed at her in a current so fast she couldn't distinguish one noise from the next. Chairs scraped against the floor. A gavel thundered repeatedly on the wood. Voices overlapped into a sea of sound she could never hope to separate. Hermione ignored it all. Like a boat caught in the rage of a storm, waves of harsh, hissed words should have knocked her over, and made her sink, but she remained upright. Steadfast and floating on. The room continued to thunder to the beat of her name as she walked on and walked out. The storm didn't calm. The clamours didn't die. Even when heavy doors closed behind her with a resounding clang, and the lock turned with finality, she could still hear the squall raging on. Hermione cleared the threshold, and exhaled her first ragged breath as she steadied her heart and shook the tension from her free hand. Voices breached the barrier. Harry's rose in advocacy, pounding against the wood with a boom, while Percy's call for the room's attentionÑthin and sharpÑsliced through the cracks. Hermione sagged against the stone wall in a testament to the exhaustion she'd felt since the start of the summons that had left her a bit battered, but not beaten down. She was, however, incredibly angry. A throat cleared in the empty corridor. Hermione opened her eyes and did a double take. The corridor was empty save for Draco, who sat in a chair opposite of her, with his legs crossed and arms folded as if he'd been waiting a while. The badge on his belt and wand holster on his shoulder told her one thing. He'd been reinstated. But he didn't move, only tilted his head in question. "Did you comply?" "IÉ did." Hermione was almost in arm's reach when Percy's voice rose to an uncharacteristic volume behind her. She paused as Draco's eyes flickered above her head to the shut door, momentarily distracted, but then they dropped back. He quirked an eyebrow. "Mostly." When he rose to his feet, he didn't look impressed. "What happened?" Their carefully crafted plan should have had her in and out in five minutes, with Harry pulling rank to be the one to perform the memory extraction and planting Draco's with the investigators, but even the best laid plans sometimes went askew at the start of a battle. "Everything started as we'd planned, but after Harry's extraction, Tiberius presented a written order for an additional statement under Veritaserum." Draco's eyes widened. None of them had expected it, and her abject refusal and subsequent discourse was the sole reason why what should have been a short appearance had gone on for nearly half an hour. "I first cited my refusal. I'm a victim not a criminal, but Tiberius led the push back and had the gall to accuse me of not giving a true memory." He wasn't wrong, but righteous indignation was always the best defence. "I reminded them that I've never been trained as an Occlumens, so I lack the ability to fabricate memories. Then, I cited medical reasons for my refusal. I don't know how Veritaserum would interact with the potions in my system. I was just as shocked as Harry when Tiberius called for a vote and they all agreed to detain me until they had a medical opinion. Harry refused for lack of due cause, I withdrew my consent for my memory, chaos broke out, and Percy arrived right when IÑ" "Verbally started a war." Draco adjusted the strap of her sling, which had slipped out of place during the ordeal. Hermione remained unapologetic and a hint of amusement slipped through the crack in his demeanour. "I couldn't hear everything from out here, but I arrived at the part when someone told you that you were overreacting." Hermione would have winced had she felt bad for anything he'd heard following that comment. But she meant every word. Two distinct voices were now volleying back and forth. Percy and Tiberius. Draco started to sidestep her, as if he was going to enter the fray, but seemed to decide against it. Given the way Percy's voice carried as he cited codes and laws pertaining to protecting witnesses, he was beginning to quiet the protests. Not even Tiberius was above certain laws. He sounded as if he had the attention of every sitting member of the Wizengamot with his accusations of unethical practices during a meeting that would be available for public record. The storm was ending as loudly as it had begun. "We shouldn't be standing here when this ends." Draco didn't take her hand during the quiet walk through Level Ten, but he did slow his strides to keep with hers. There was also a steady hand on her back as they took the stairs to Level Nine. Like always lately, Hermione was frustratingly winded by the time she reached the top, silent as they waited until she caught her breath before continuing. The entrance to the Department of Mysteries was closed, and Hermione thought it was a minor miracle they made it to the lift without seeing anyone emerge. But then the doors of the lift opened to reveal someone Hermione hadn't seen in years. Older than she remembered, but still with elaborately curled hair, and an outfit akin to a burst of colour that didn't suit the rainy day. Rita Skeeter. No doubt she was about to get off the lift, but changed her mind, stepping back so they could enter. "Hermione Granger. What a surprise. So glad to see you recovering, outside of thatÑ" She made a sweeping gesture in her direction. Hermione frowned knowing just what the witch meant. The changes people could see: the sling, fading bruises, visible scars, shorn hair, and the looser fit of clothes from weight she hadn't gained back. Coy eyes slid to Draco as the lift started moving. "And Mr Malfoy." Rita took in the sight of them standing side by side. "This is a combination I never thought I would live to see, though I shouldn't be surprised. I've heard all the tales of how he found you barely clinging to life after the attack on St Mungo's. The story is utterly compelling from what little we know, but no one has been able to get an exclusive." Hermione knew exactly where this was going. "Would you both mind a quick interview?" "I definitely mind." Draco's voice was as hard as his stance, rigid like granite. After cutting his eyes over to Skeeter once in warning, he resumed staring ahead at nothing. Blessedly, the lift was moving quickly and they were no more than two levels from their destination. "If that's the case, perhaps I could publish an article about how chummy you two seem." Though out of practice and feeling a little weary, Hermione knew all her tricks. She knew the comment was intended as a test of Hermione's reactionÑor lack thereofÑas well as an attempt to jar her into saying something that would surely be taken out of context. "Is that all?" Yet another plan fell through when Hermione tsked and shook her head. "You've gotten quite lazy over the years." But then she noticed Draco standing taller beside her, with his mouth fixed as if something was threatening to come out. Hermione gripped his wrist to stop him from speaking, and stepped forward, making Rita's smug expression fade slightly at first, then more when she lowered her voice. "I'm still quite good at bug catching." The pleasant expression on Hermione's face hardened into ice. "Beetles are my preference." The lift came to a stop and the doors opened. "Nice to see you again, Rita." Hermione led the way out of the lift doors and Draco followed. Rita Skeeter did not. Several moments passed in silence before Draco cleared his throat. "Beetles? Is that code for SkeÑ" "It's a long story." Hermione ran a hand over her hair. "She may very well publish something anyway, butÑ" "I'll handle it." Draco's hand returned to the small of her back, guiding her in the direction of his office like she hadn't been there before. "Like with Cormac?" Hermione had been quietly curious about that for quite some time. "Precisely." "Did you payÑ" "I don't throw money at every problem." Draco looked vaguely amused. "I merely secured his silence in exchange for mine." "What does that mean?" "McLaggen is reckless. I didn't have to dig hard to find everything that makes him a liability rather than an asset. A few photos and documents. He consented to letting me wipe his memory of the day." Hermione should have been alarmed and argued, but it wasn't the worst morally reprehensible thing she'd ever done, and besides, they'd arrived at the doorway of the Task Force's office. The last time she'd been here, everyone had quietly watched them walk to his office. She'd thought it had a lot to do with Scorpius' presence, but today, the looks were the same. While the majority kept their eyes on him, stayed at a distance, and tensed when he walked by their desks with his hand still on her back, there was a group watching and waiting for him in one of the conference rooms. The French team. "Go." Gesturing to his office, he waited for her to start in that direction before heading towards the conference room. She didn't twist the knob of his office until he entered the room and witnessed them celebrate his return. The cheers were blocked by silencing charms, but their happiness was palpable. Real. Draco seemed to take it in stride, making a gesture for them to calm down, far more relaxed than she'd seen him at work. There was a small smirk on his face that only diminished when he started speaking, and was gone completely when, one by one, they each responded. Hermione squinted as if lip reading a different language was a skill she could instantly develop. Draco stopped abruptly and turned. She'd been caught. Grey eyes fell on her with an expression that made her awkwardly wave in embarrassment. He pointed to the office a little more insistently and cut his eyes at someone who spoke. With a flush warming her cheeks, she went inside and shut the door. Exhaling deeply, she scolded herself for being so ridiculous before looking around. Impersonal as ever, Hermione had more than enough time to peruse his office. A slightly chaotic desk, the sparse books on the shelf, the potato still on the corner, and something she hadn't expected to see: the list of places and ideas for their outings scribbled in his handwriting. A few had been crossed out, whether for her lack of interest or his she wasn't sure. It was charming, thoughtful, and Hermione couldn't help but pick it up for a closer look. She was still trying to visibly recall each place when Draco walked in. There was no time to put it down. He paused, looked at what she was holding, then glanced back. "Hi." Hermione put the parchment down like it would explode, then curled her hand at her side. "I'mÑum, I'm not opposed to any place, even the ones you crossed out. Lived here my entire life and haven't seen most of these." Draco blinked twice and it made Hermione shift her weight. "IÑ" "Tomorrow at five?" He barely gave her time to nod before adding, "Don't eat dinner." It was her turn to stare as if he'd lost his mind, but Draco merely raised a brow as if awaiting a retort. The moment passed like ones before, vibrating with the shifting undercurrent between them. Hermione adjusted her sling and turned her head to ease the tension in her neck. A scrape of his fingers against hers made Hermione aware of his presence; they brushed once before slipping between hers and intertwining together. A bit of calm after the storm. Hermione turned her head and yawned as fatigue settled into her bones. "Bad?" "Yes." She rested her head against his chest and neither mentioned how she was shaking. "Think you can make it until they finish?" By the time there was a knock on his door, Hermione was seated, nearly slumped against Draco, and losing the fight against exhaustion while waiting for an Invigoration Draught to begin working. Her head felt so heavy she didn't bother lifting it when the door swung open and in walked Pansy, Harry, and Percy. His hand didn't move. "Everything handled?" "Yes." Percy looked the most unruffled, which was shocking, given how loud he'd gotten after her departure. Harry looked less surprised and more intrigued. "Are you okay, Hermione?" "Fatigue," Draco answered for her. "Pansy, is Daphne here to take her back?" "I drove us here today." "We barely survived," Hermione mumbled, thinking about the city bus Pansy had cut off along the way. "Oi! I'm a good driver." When Percy pointedly looked elsewhere, she elbowed him in the side, which only made him smile. "Anyway, is anyone going to talk about the glowing potato on Draco's desk?" "It's from Scorpius." Hermione couldn't hold back a yawn. "Ah." Pansy also looked around. "I see you've been reinstated." "I have." Draco sounded grim about it. "The ruling was that my actions were justified under the circumstances." "Wait." Pansy barely held back a scoff. "No offense, but how? You abandoned your post in the middle of an active terrorism investigation to find Hermione. Not bad at all, completely justified, except for the bloody Fiendfyre you set on what ended up being a Death Eater safe house, not to mention torching the surrounding area. They weren't even able to track the magic because the area was so thoroughly scorched." Hermione was speechless, and could only gape at him, mouth open as questions began to pile on top of theories. The only thing diminishing her shock about the extent of Pansy's knowledge was the fact that Draco didn't look the least bit apologetic. "My actions were deemed necessary." "Let's start a list." Pansy dodged the glares that might as well have been daggers thrown in her direction. "Recklessness, insubordination, the intentional destruction of property and evidence, and threatening the Statute of Secrecy to the point where Obliviators had to be called in to stop the Muggles from trying to put the fire out. Your story about finding Hermione is flimsy, at best, but what about the highly illegal Portkey you made to get her back? I'm sureÑ" "Are you quite finished?" Draco drawled. "IÑ" "How exactly did you manage to slide out of being sacked?" "Because he's slippery." An amused laugh escaped Harry, and it earned him a few looks. "Also the panel was split and the decision came down to Hestia." She must have voted in his favour. "If you must know, I burned all of Granger's magical footprint and anything that could be used by anyone for Polyjuice. I ordered the same to happen to the safe house because I wasn't certain if she'd been inside and escaped. It wasÑ" "Smart." Pansy looked impressed. "Bloody unhinged. But smart." Draco didn't disagree. Neither did she. The more details Hermione learned, the more dire it sounded. "I wish they would have waited another week to clear you," Harry said. "Agreed." A word she thought she'd never hear from Draco in response to Harry. "However, I'll be at decreased capacity for the month, so it's fine. I can still work on our project, and possibly pull in a few members of the French team to assist." "How discreet are they?" Percy's lips pressed into a thin line. "I'd say very." Harry shrugged. "They all refused to speak against him, resisted Veritaserum, and their memories offered no evidence to the order of events. Not certain how you gained their loyaltyÑ" "I earned it." Draco's hand still hadn't moved from hers. "About six years ago, they all were infected after a safe house mission went wrong. The hospital had enough antidote for either half to get the complete regime or all to get the first seven rounds. I brewed enough to make up the difference myself. They each owe me a life debt that I have no intention of collecting. None of them would ever betray me." Harry's eyes widened in shock. Apparently, he hadn't known. Neither had she. It explained so much. "Is that how you knew about the replenishingÑ" "No, that was a guess." Once again, discomfort made its way across his features. "I've never seen anyone survive with the poison in their system that long. Perhaps it had to do with the quality." It was possible, but there were no words. "What happened with the summons?" Draco changed the subject. Percy folded his arms. "I've sufficiently put a larger target on my back." At Hermione's apologetic wince, he shook his hand and raised both hands. "Had to happen at some point, but they accepted the memory Harry swapped. I think we'veÑ" "Actually, there's one more thing we need to do." All eyes turned to Draco. "And that is?" "Muzzle Skeeter." He looked over at Hermione. "She approached us for an interview on our way here, but I doubt Granger's beetle threat will silence her forever." "Yes it will." Harry cleared his throat of the laugh that was working its way out. Pansy looked intrigued. "Potter, explain." Despite how well they worked together, it seemed Draco would always be annoyed with Harry's existence. "She's an unregistered Animagus. We've known about her since Fourth Year." He exchanged looks with Hermione. "Registering would call into question how long she's been able to turn into a beetle, which could lead to time in Azkaban for being unregistered. It's easier for her to stay secret, and she knows this. She'll keep quiet about whatever she's seen to protect her own skin. We're the only ones who know, but what Percy can do is issue Hermione's statement through her." "Why would he do that?" Pansy asked brashly. "Let her rot." The small noise Draco made spoke of his agreement. Harry opened his mouth to explain but Percy's eyes widened. He must have figured it out. "Perfect." Percy looked as though he were already planning his next move. "It'll give her the attention she wants and perhaps she'll finally agree to what I've been asking her to do since June." "What's that?" "Attend one of Tiberius' closed door meetings as herself." October 11, 2011 Draco had been tense from the moment they left the house after lunch, but when she asked about it, he brushed her off. "I'm fine." Hermione let it go. Mostly. She kept her eye on him the entire ride after strapping the puzzled Scorpius into the booster seat of the hired car. Draco tapped his finger on his thigh after the driver pulled out of the driveway but said nothing else, sneaking glances at his son, whose eyes were glued to the city beyond the glass. Forever intrigued by a world he was unfamiliar with. One he was protected from. Scorpius turned abruptly and signed that he was hungry. "We're nearly there." Dinner was in a cozy Muggle restaurant. Upscale, private, and not at all kid-friendly, the meal ended up being an experiment in vegetarian dining. The service was impeccable, likely driven by the air of wealth Draco exuded, and the meal was delicious. To her surprise, Scorpius tried everything, even foods outside of his known lists of likes; it was a far cry from the boy who was as picky as his father only a few months before. Draco spent most of dinner watching them as well as the door to their private dining areaÑforever on guard. Hermione sighed. "Would you relax if I told you to?" "No." She laughed at his petulant tone. "What if Scorpius told you to?" Father and son exchanged looks across the table before Scorpius rubbed his hands together and signed the word calm with a stern expression. A deep chuckle and smile were covered by Draco's fist as he looked off to the side. It workedÑsomewhat. Hermione noticed the slight shift. At the restaurant, Draco had kept one hand free to reach for the wand inside his jacket, but later, as they walked down the street, when Scorpius tugged him in the direction of street artists and vendors, he held his son's hand and they slowly began to explore. They visited each stall, and it wasn't long before they both realised Scorpius was looking for something. Not long after, he found it in the form of a wooden locket charm that opened to reveal an antique compass. When his son tried to pay with a familiar, lone Galleon, Draco actually smirked before whispering something to him and offering the vendor several notes instead. They presented it to her together. A gift. A guide. A way home, should she ever get lost. Hermione kept it close, and was still looking at it during their ride to their last destination. London traffic was heavier later in the day, but the sudden stops and blowing horns went unnoticed by Scorpius, who enjoyed every bit of the ride. His feet dangled and his eyes stayed glued on the passing cars, buses, buildings, and people. But Draco resumed tapping his fingers until Hermione assuaged the nerves he would never confess to having by placing the compass into her beaded bag and covering her hands with his. "You're nervous." "I ride in cars as infrequently as I take Scorpius out without security." Today, he had done both. For her. Hermione said nothing else. A chill was in the air, and sunset was underway when she and Draco took their places as east and west amongst tourists and locals alike. Forever opposites, they were held together by Scorpius, who stood on the line that separated the two directions and took each of them by the hand outside of the Royal Observatory. "You know this isn't the real spot, right?" Draco broke the lingering silence as they sat on the bench and watched Scorpius jump back and forth across the line. "It's a hundred yards easÑ" "I know, but he's just a kid. Let him enjoy this." Hermione grinned. "He looks happy." Scorpius' eyes were just as bright as they were when they pulled vegetables. "We can stay here a while." "Or we can take him to the planetarium." "Oh." Hermione was startled at a sudden thought. "Yes, we can." The following walk ended in front of a lone attendant standing next to the Sold Out sign. "Maybe nextÑ" "No need." Draco presented three tickets to the woman, and she let them in with a nod and smile. "I bought every seat in the house." Hermione didn't stop staring until they were seated in the empty planetarium. They were still early for the show, and from their reclining seats, they watched the projected nighttime sky on the ceiling as they waited. Hermione pointed out a few constellations, but overall, was torn between watching Draco and the universe that opened in Scorpius' eyes. Fatigue rolled in, and Hermione found herself dozing, lulled by the darkness and the bits of words squished between short pauses. A story of golden apples and the dragon who guarded them with its life. Draco. October 14, 2011 Hermione stared at the target. Inhaled. Exhaled. She tightened her grip on her wand, which felt as unfamiliar as the new hand she carried it in Ñan impulsive suggestion from one of their nocturnal conversations the week before. Magic was more than saying spells correctly. The effectiveness of a cast could be hindered by something as little as the wrong flick of her wrist. Hermione had avoided the issue with simple wandless spells thus far, but she was itching to try again, even if it meant swapping to her left hand until the other recovered. A problem in the shape of Draco MalfoyÑhis warm presence at her back, his hand on one elbow keeping it steady, and the other on her waistÑmade things a little difficult. "You're tense." The truth was a murmur, but Draco might as well have been shouting for how close his lips were to her ear. "You're distracting me and I think you're doing it on purpose." "Am I?" Hermione turned her head away from the FabergŽ egg she was levitating. "You know I'm nervous about the battery of tests today." She'd told him as much. The ability to magically travelÑat least by FlooÑwould make things easier and leave her feeling less confined. She could go back and forth from home without making another drive. Visit others. It wasn't much, but even a bit of independence went a long way. "Besides, Padma was cleared yesterday." She rolled her sore shoulder. "I don't think I can go home just yet, but it was nice being there again. I miss it." Hermione missed more than that, but it sounded too ungrateful in her own head to even mention it. Her time here was bittersweet, and while parts of her eagerly counted down the days until she could resume her life, a piece of her thought about how empty her house was now and wondered if it would be even emptier with just her in it. The option to leave and return as she used to remained, but it was different to wake to the sound of Draco in the shower or go to sleep with the teacup he started leaving at her bedside each night to help her sleep. There was something settling about the routine she had with Narcissa braiding her hair and peeking into the library where the kids were learning. Watching Catherine handle lunch with four children became just as much of a humorous highlight as Draco backing out of a room upon spotting Albus. "Not that I don't appreciateÑ" "Granger?" "Hmm?" "Shut up." Draco cupped her jaw and brought his lips to hers in a lingering kiss. Slow deliberation set the tone as he worked her mouth open, but before he could snog the words from her mind, Hermione pulled back, resting her heels on the ground. "You kissed me already today." This morning, in fact, right after she'd soaked with the smelly concoction Susan had given her to help soothe her skin. Draco had looked at her side because he had a better view than her, and though it was only the second morning, it was already beginning to hurt less. It felt like a sign that a solution had been found. Once finished, Draco had stepped between her parted legs, pulled her to the edge of the counter, and kissed her until she forgot all about Susan's orders. They were increasingly more difficult to adhere to. Even now. Draco rolled his eyes; it was hard to tell if he was humoured or annoyed. "You would note the pattern of how often I kiss you, but neglect to ask why I'm breaking routine." Hermione had a list of proverbial whys. Unspoken acknowledgement had been the answer to the small touches of intimacy Hermione quietly looked forward to each day. It was the only thing she'd been able to handle over the course of the last few weeks when she had no capacity to separate, analyse, rationalise, or consider. But now? Things weren't different, per se. Only a month had passed since the attack, but there were rumblings she could no longer ignore. The beast of a thought had been buried at the bottom of a deep grave of emotions. Everything had been calling it to the surface in whispers she could barely hear, but they were getting louder. Each day. Each interaction. She would be ready when it finally broke ground. Or, maybe not. "Arguments?" Draco's question was spoken against her cheek. "Plenty." She fixed her eyes on him. "But they're a bit jumbled." "Then enjoy the change in routine." Hermione thought the moment was over, Draco would return to the office for the rest of the day, and she would watch his back as he went. But he picked up where she'd interrupted, kissing her in that languid pace of his that made her insides tighten, mind numb, and nerve endings burn. His hands returned to her face, and his thumb swiped her cheek while Hermione stepped closer, moving her lips with his. Enjoying the moment. Getting her fill until the next break from routine. As dangerous as this was, like iron smelting in a forge, kissing Draco felt safe. He never pushed for more than she offered. No expectations. No promises. No responsibilities. They found intrinsic simplicity in touch. Each time it was harder to stop, to step back, and to prevent herself from selfishly taking more. She wanted more. "Feeling less frustrated?" The truth was too complex to discuss when only thirty minutes remained before Susan's arrival. Yes, she was frustrated, but it had nothing to do with recovery. Hermione was improving in all areas tested, including lung function. If she ignored the bad news about her hand and the persistent fatigue, it left her to focus on the good, which was only made better after her first supervised attempt to Floo. Hermione wouldn't soon forget the surprised gasp from Sachs and Narcissa when she stepped out of the latter's fireplace. Or the fact that they both looked elated. Despite her slight disorientation, Susan provided her seal of approval if she limited her use until she felt stronger. It seemed like a fair trade. This was the first hurdle of many on her journey back to normalityÑa win that reinforced everything she knew about long-term recovery. Patience and time would heal. After a meditative session with Susan, Hermione took to the outdoors to sit at the table. Protected by charms, she watched the rain fall as a storm rolled through the city. But not alone. Padma was with her, sipping tea. Before long, they were joined by Ginny, who was early picking up the kids after lessons. And Pansy, who seemed to take the moment to inhale andÑ "This is boring." The sulk in Pansy's tone matched her folded arms. "It's humid out and I want a normal Girls' Night. One with more Firewhisky and less trauma, thanks." "I don't see why we can't have one." Padma shrugged. "Is Harry home?" All attention shifted to Ginny. "He's there now making dinner." "Excellent." Padma rubbed her hands together. "We can have takeaway and talk. Blaise won't mind a night alone. I'm sure Luna will join, too, and Susan and Parvati are at work, but they'll come around after, if we call." This was quickly taking shape along with Pansy's evil grinÑthat died rapidly. "You better not invite fucking Cho." Padma smiled with all her teeth. "You know I am." "I hate this place." They all laughed, and Hermione realised it had been too long since they'd been together like this. She couldn't help but feel sentimental; she'd missed them. "You in, Hermione?" They all looked hopeful. "I am, but it'll be odd to do this here in their living room." "Actually." Pansy rose to her feet, looking supremely proud of herself. "I was thinking something different." They ended up in a magical tent Zippy had set up in the garden. Much larger on the inside, the roof was clear, like her conservatory, and gave a view of the night's stormy sky. There was more than enough room for everyone to sleep, but, for now, they were in the centre of the vast main area of the tent, surrounded by pillows and blankets, and eating takeaway. Ginny, Luna, and Susan drank brew. Pansy and Parvati indulged in Firewhisky. And Hermione, along with Cho and Padma, were strictly on water. A choice for one. Healer's orders for the other two. Padma sighed longingly at Luna's apple brew. "How long will you both be on potions?" Cho asked. "I'm weaning Padma off already, except for the ones that control her migraines." Susan examined a chicken leg before putting it on her plate. "Hermione has a few more weeks. Oh, I forgot to ask earlier, but how's the new balm?" "So far, it's good." Truthfully, she hadn't been bothered all day. "Draco hates the smell, but he can see the difference in the rash already. I don't think the scars are going anywhere but that's not my current concern." "Keep using it for another week and let me know." Before Hermione could respond, Parvati held up a finger as she chewed her chicken wing and swallowed quickly. They all waited for her to speak, but she chased her food with another shot of Firewhisky first. Hermione had already ruled herself out of helping her to bed with her injured wrist, but the others were silently declaring themselves not it. Padma was losing by birthright. "Um." Finally, Parvati fixed her attention on Hermione. "How exactly would Malfoy know?" Everyone except Cho, who appeared equally as confused, just stared at her. "What?" Luna leaned over and loudly whispered to Pansy, "I think it's the Nargles." The witch nearly choked on her food. Susan looked to be questioning Parvati's intelligence. "They're obviously a thing." "They are?" Parvati's eyes widened. "You are?" "WeÑ" "Is it because he's been helping you since your injury?" Cho asked and Pansy instantly looked ready to throw something at her. "What? It's a valid question." "Did you really suggest Hermione has some sort of Stockholm Syndrome?" "I didn't say that," Cho argued. "Besides, you're mixing syndromes because that's not Stockholm Syndrome. It's called The Florence Nightingale Effect andÑ" "Neither apply, actually." Hermione picked at the rice she wasn't certain she could eat. "Anyway, who wants this? I'm not hungry." Susan took the dish. Fencing had left her starved. "Speaking of relationships that should be admitted, since I'm sure you're all wondering, Percy and I are fine." Ginny made a face. "Did you really just arrange an entire Girls' Night to talk about my brother?" "Maybe, but I offered the information, so I'll be taking this moment into therapy on Monday. Apparently I need to be more open about my relationship, so here I am. Being. Open." It sounded like her own personal brand of torture. "ThatÉ" Cho's smile spread slowly. "That's actually really sweet." "Sort of," Ginny said. Pansy looked downright pleasant. "I could traumatize you with stories of our sex life to keep things balanced?" "Gods no!" "Fortunately for you," Pansy said as her leer faded, "I don't have many additional stories. We haven'tÉ done that since the incident at my birthday party. Figuring out how to love him while wrestling with the very idea has crippled my libido. The attack, Hermione being kidnapped by a deranged werewolf, and losing limbs didn't help." "Sorry?" Hermione blinked. "Sounds complicated." The comment earned Cho a look that wasn't a glare. "Hmm." Parvati picked up another wing, bobbing along to whatever song was stuck in her head. "I didn't think there was anything to figure out: you just do. Or is that a song?" "Clearly you've never been in love." Pansy's sigh was needlessly dramatic. "But I can't judge, neither have I." "Wait, you were married." Pansy took another shot of Firewhisky and quickly followed it with one more before wincing and pushing the bottle away. She was done for the night. "I've said it before. Love isn't a requirement for pureblood marriages. Sometimes it happens over time, other times you leave with nothing except the clothes on your back just to get away. So I'm learning this time around, but also horrified at myself for being a fucking clichŽ and falling for the first man to catch my eye." Pansy scoffed. "How embarrassing, but I suppose I could have done worse. A lot worse." "I'm still trying to find the part where you compliment my brother." "I haven't runÉ again. There's the compliment." Pansy's face softened just a bit. "He was with me when I found out about the hospital attack. Draco might have kept everything together for you, but Percy kept me together while I made decisions for you. Weasley here was handling all the kids." Ginny let out a hard sigh that told the tale of several excruciatingly long days. "Hermione." There was a pause, and a look passed over Pansy's features. "If you get hurt like that again, I'll strangle you myself. Same for you, Patil." "Okay?" she and Padma replied with mutual looks then small laughs, leaning against each other. "Same." Ginny raised her chicken wing and pointed it at them. "That goes for you both." "Goes for you all." Susan took a swig of beer. "I'm not in the mood to reattach my friends." They all toasted to that. And each other. Hours passed with sarcastic comments, conversation, music, and food. Plenty of laughter erupted from Ginny, Parvati, and Pansy as they attempted to out drink each otherÑa bad decision that may have seemed right at the time, but left Cho taking the lead to care for them while Padma and Hermione played backup. Susan and Luna went to digest in peace, the latter using the excuse to braid the former's hair. A few levitating charms was all it took to tuck the three inebriated witches into the largest bed in the tent. Something inside Hermione unravelled as her thoughts receded to the back of her mind. When she and Padma were lying on the blankets between Luna and Susan, looking up at the sky, it seemed as though the last bits of tension were finally unwinding. Not forgotten, but serving as another thread that fortified their bond. "I said yes to eloping on Saturday," Padma whispered in the silence. "BlaiseÑ" "What!" Cho squealed so loud that they all cautiously looked at the sleeping witches, but none had moved. "Where? What do we wear? What time? WÑ" Padma just laughed until she clutched her sides and Hermione watched. She looked so happy. "Hermione's greenhouse. Ten in the morning. Since we're still doing the family wedding as planned, we just want it casual. As for the rest, I don't care, I'm just ready to get married. Finally." "We can do hair," Cho prattled on, clearly thrilled for her best friend. "Oh, and I can do your makeup. IÑ" "No, no makeup." Contentment relaxed Padma and her soft smile spread. "I'll marry him just as I am. That was one of his two requests. He loves my scars and doesn't want me to cover it up." Everything fell into a silence buzzing with excitement. Given the continued conversation, Hermione felt it more than anyone. It left her restless with a burning desire to speak and know and learn. She had to ask. "How Ñ" A familiar flush of panic and a tightness in her chest made her rethink. "Never mind." The topic was too tender. She curled her fist against her chest and tried to beg the stars to answer her silent question, but they didn't respond. It left her wide awake as conversation meandered from one topic to the next. One by one, they each fell asleep, curled together, covered in blankets, and surrounded by pillows. The last to go was Padma, who tossed and turned. Her eyes were shut when she turned towards Hermione. "Can't sleep?" "No." "It's easier to sleep when I'm pissed." Her last words before her breathing evened kept Hermione awake. "It's hard to sleep without him." An hour passed with her staring at the waning gibbous moon when she made the decision to extract herself from Padma's grip and wander from the tent back into the house. Hermione started to check in on Scorpius before she remembered he was sleeping over with Albus. It was before midnight, so she continued to the office where she thought she might find Draco working or researching, but the room was empty and devoid of movement beyond the diamonds hovering over the map. A slow trip up the steps left her winded and tired by the time she opened the door to the guest room. Where Draco was not asleep. The lights were on, and he was laying on his back, shirtless, wearing his glasses and reading in bed with one hand behind his head. Grey eyes cut to her immediately, and Hermione shut the door behind her with a gentle click before crossing the room. "Everyone's asleep?" "Yes." "But not you." Hermione could hear her laboured breathing while changing out of her pyjamas and into the shirt he routinely brought but never wore. "I'm fine." She didn't need to look to know he was carefully watching her. "Just winded." Turning around only confirmed it, but she rolled her eyes and crawled into bed. Sitting up, she crossed her legs, faced him, and placed her fist on the sheets between them. "I went to your office first. I thought you might be there working or sleeping." "You looked at the map?" Draco put down his book and sat up fully, extending his hand and waiting for her to offer her closed fist in return. "For a bit. I'm forever curious." She hissed when he tried to slowly work her hand open. "Been like that for a few hours." "That you said nothing with your Healer in the same tent is another one of your aggravating qualities." "I have many." Hermione gave a shrug that caused the oversized shirt to slip from her shoulder. "Most annoy you." Draco didn't disagree. Hermione's smile withered when he began massaging the tension out of the base of her palm just to get her fingers to relax enough to open. The feeling in it hadn't improved. Hermione could only frown and grit her teeth as he diligently stretched each finger open, slipping his between each to roll her wrist. He'd been doing it nightly without fail. After he finally massaged her palm open all the way, Hermione laid down for Draco to look her over. She knew he was looking at all her hotspots for rashes and lingering bruises. The last of them had finally faded. But that didn't stop him from touching the spots where the marks had once been. Invisible to everyone except him. "You know." Hermione's voice dragged his eyes from her neck to her face. "I'm starting to not believe it when you say you're not a romantic man." "I'm not. Nothing I've done is romantic." Hermione scoffed. "If not, what is it then?" "A duty." Draco ran a thumb up the scar on her leg. "A decision." She shivered when he kissed the fading splinch marks on her fingers. "A choice." It wasn't until Draco's arms were wrapped around her, and his breathing deepened with sleep's arrival that Hermione finally joined him and gave herself to the rest that had been running from her all night. She felt as though she was falling in all the ways a human could. But sleep came the quickest. October 19, 2011 "Love is more than a word and the feelings that accompany itÉ" Rings exchanged. Vows made. Love, like the hum of magic, was unmistakable. A tangible pressure, alive and free, held Hermione's emotions as tightly as Scorpius held her hand. She was sitting amongst friends in a half circle around the couple standing under the hanging vines, and bathed by the morning sun pouring into the greenhouse. She peeked over at Albus, who was swinging his legs in jittery energy, then James, who was sitting between her and Ron. They exchanged smiles when he mouthed that he was bored. Her eyes caught on Ron as he affectionately ruffled his nephew's hair, gaze sweeping to her before moving on to the couple. Hermione did the same. "It is more than patience and takes more than strengthÉ" All eyes had been on Padma since she entered the greenhouse, arm-in-arm with Cho, and dressed in ivory with lavender flowers woven intricately into her braided hair. But the bride's eyes hadn't strayed from one man. Blaise. Little nods, choked up laughs, and wide smiles passed between them while Kingsley blessed the union both with magic and words of wisdom. "Love is more than timeÉ" The incandescent glow of the cords wrapped around their joined hands served as a representation of the love and devotion that bound them together, not only in the moment, but for the rest of their lives. Hermione's eyes slipped to Neville and Luna. They were looking around the decorated greenhouse with twin pleased smiles, no doubt proud of their hard work that morning. Lily's eyes were also wandering around the room while sitting on her mother's lap, and then her gaze meandered over to Scorpius, who tilted his head past the groom to the man behind him. His father. "Love is more than learning and communicationÉ" Whose eyes were now on them. For a moment, Hermione allowed herself to look. Draco was surrounded by greenery, under the glow of the sun, and not wearing anything black. Grey trousers and tie. White shirt. Fitted navy vestÑlast button unfastened. In more than monochrome, Draco should have blended inÑblue, grey, and green always worked harmoniouslyÑbut he stood out to her. More than ever. "Love is more than a mysteryÉ" Minutes ticked by, but they held each other's gaze as if passing a flickering flame between them in the midst of a storm. What should have been extinguished by outside forces burned on. Burned brighter. "Love justÉ is." Applause and cheers sent them hurling back into the moment as their friends kissed for the first time as husband and wife. Still scattered by the exchange, Hermione shook it off and joined the others, all smiles and joy. Charmed flower petals followed the couple from the makeshift altar under vines and out the door, where they would spend their first moments of marriage alone. Everyone else got to work. They created a table large enough for everyone to sit comfortably, cast spells on the wireless to play music, and moved the chairs into place around the table. Zippy appeared with a pop and set a prepared meal in each place. By the time Blaise and Padma returned, hand-in-hand, everyone was arranged around the decorated table, waiting to celebrate. The childrenÑminus Halia, who stared wide-eyed at anyone not familiarÑhad a little table of their own. They all seemed content with it after Al made it known that his seat would be between James and Scorpius. Lily remained unbothered as long as she had food. Which was plentiful. Padma radiated happiness, and Blaise looked at his wife with clear adoration. As Hermione scanned the large table, she reflected on how much her circle had grown and changed. Those who had always been there were still present, even more in the last month, and bonds had strengthened, changed, and grown between others. And their relationships had naturally shifted amongst each other, though she hadn't noticed the changes as they'd happened. Percy was integrated in the group and Pansy only shook her fist at Ron once. Blaise, Dean, and Harry got along too well as the latter two welcomed the former into the Married Club. Susan and Padma expressed interest in Kingsley's bee farm. Neville and Theo had similar taste in music, and Daphne was finally ready to rejoin Girls' Night. Ron and Cho discovered their mutual love for losing teams while Halia was passed around. She'd settled with Andromeda and a bottle while Luna looked on, just as enamoured with the baby as the baby was with her leaf earrings. And then there was Draco. Often detached and quiet in a group setting, today Draco was engaging outside of his core set of friends. No arguments passed between him and Ron, just looks and general ignorance of the other's presence. It was honestly better than anyone could have hoped for. What once was only a hint of friendship between Draco and Percy had bloomed, evidenced in the familiar way they spoke and the casual volley of questions between them. He and Dean treaded lightly around a conversation on Muggle sports and nearly the entire table fell silent when Draco mentioned liking cricket; then quieter still when Dean's invitation to golf with him and Neville one day was not declined. "I'll think about it." The response may have been tentative, but it sounded like acceptance. For them both. Draco remained at her side while Blaise and Padma danced together on the makeshift dance floor between four columns wrapped in flowery vines. The sun was still rising to the peak of day, music floated through the speakers, and when the song ended and others started to split off and join, it was a sign that the festivities had truly begun. Everyone started to break off. Some danced, others chatted, and the kids alternated between playing and running around the greenhouse. Lily toddled after them until she gave up and started picking the flowers, then running from her dad when he noticed. Her peals of laughter rang out above them all as she dodged him like a snitch. Hermione circled between talking, dancing, and sitting. She was dancing with Neville when Ron cut in. "You look beautiful." The compliment made her look over at Neville, who was laughing with Ginny as they danced. She didn't know how to respond in a way that wouldn't dissolve into an argument. "I didn't say that as aÑ" Ron's exhale was laden with frustration. "I mean, I'm trying to be your friend. Just your friend." Maybe it was the polite distance between them as they swayed to the music, maybe it was the fact that his hand and eyes weren't too low, but something in his voice and demeanour made her believe him. She wanted to start anew. "How have you been?" Hermione hadn't seen him much during her recovery. Despite Molly's semi-regular visits, Harry said Ron didn't feel comfortable at the Malfoys' home, which made sense. The suspension of hostilities between him and Draco seemed tenuous at best. Proximity would only challenge it. Break it. "I've been good." Ron was vague but not leading. "You're better than I last saw you." "Getting there." She remembered something. "Thanks for what you did for my parents. Thanks for telling them everything. I haÑ" "Didn't think it would be easy for you to talk about, and when I realised they didn't know, I justÉ" He half-shrugged. "I thought you needed a little help. I only just told Mum last year about leaving you and Harry in the forest. Hard to talk about moments that aren't our proudest." There were several of those between them that had nothing to do with the war. But the song ended and Ron left. Curiously, she watched him go, until Draco caught her eye. He was approaching her, but Theo intercepted him, gesturing that they needed a word. Before she could wonder, or even leer at Pansy, who had been dragged onto the dance floor by Percy, Luna was there and dramatically bowed to ask for the next dance. She accepted. "You'll be next, I think." There was zero reaction time to Luna's cryptic comment before her friend spun her around in a disoriented circle, made laughable and chaotic by the degree of Hermione's dip due to their similar height. "Ah, summer." Hermione was confused. "Luna, it's autumn." "We can dance with the faeries." Luna acted like she hadn't said a word. "It's October?" "When the Apothecary's Rose blooms." What? Luna flitted off before Hermione could figure out what she was on about, and she shook her head at her strange friend, chuckled, then returned to the table where Padma was sitting for the first time. She was watching Blaise dance with Daphne, who was speaking seriously to him while he nodded along. Likely giving the groom some advice. She was good like that. Padma reached over and covered her hand, and they looked around in silence at their friends. "Susan's clearing me to go on very light duty." Padma's revelation caused a gasp to escape Hermione without warning. "I know, but it's a two hour shift twice a week in the Accidental Magic clinic. I asked for it, but now I'm thinking I don't want to be there alone." "I can keep you company. Purely observational." Padma gave her a look of disbelief. "I doubt you're ready to set foot in St Mungo's." "I'm just getting used to casting with my left hand and my rightÑ" Though she hadn't worn her sling since yesterday, there were little signs of improvement. "No, I'm not ready to go back in any capacity, but I don't think I'll have an issue keeping you company while you reverse accidental charms." "We'll talk it over with Susan, but nothing's set in stone until I get back. We're going to Mallorca for a week to get away. IÑ" Padma paused, and her eyes lifted over Hermione. "He doesn't keep too far, does he?" "No." Hermione knew who she was referring to without turning. "He doesn't." Draco was like that. Close but not. When she danced with Neville, he was speaking with Pansy in the corner. When she was talking to Ron and Susan, Draco, who had taken a cranky Halia from her mother and was walking around the greenhouse with her, was followed by Albus, who froze each time he looked over his shoulder. Like a game. After leaving Padma, when Cho sat on the other side, Hermione drifted from conversation to conversation, substituting one lingering Malfoy with another. Scorpius. Mostly, he'd been entertained with the Potters, by his father's side, or, on one memorable occasion, comparing bowties with Percy, but sometimes he would drift to her side, linger a bit, and leave. The third time he did it she was sitting at the table with Ron, Cho, and Parvati, who was in the middle of dramatically declaring herself dead from the sight of Draco with a sleeping baby while talking to Andromeda and Kingsley. Hermione could relate. Not that she admitted such a thing in Ron's presenceÑespecially with the way he was side.eyeing Parvati. Cho smiled at Blaise and Padma, who were back to dancing, surrounded by various couples of their friends. The song ended and Scorpius returned to her side again. "Hi." Hermione straightened his striped bowtie, once again ignoring how similarly dressed he and Draco were. Only, where his father wore grey, Scorpius was in khaki. And when he blushed fiercely and fled to his aunt's side, she and Daphne exchanged curious looks from where she was chatting with Luna and Dean. They both shrugged when he buried his face in her dress. Ron asked Cho to dance during the confusing exchange and they were gone, but shortly after Hermione settled back in her chair, Parvati's squeak served as a warning of Draco's approach. He sat next to Hermione after adjusting Halia in his arms. She didn't look at all pleased about being moved, but she settled quickly, breathing deeply with her fingers in her mouth and drooling on his shoulder. Hermione fixed the back of her dress where it had ruffled up. "Love the new look for you," Parvati blurted out in something close to a yell. They both turned to her. "New look?" Draco dripped sarcasm and Hermione nearly elbowed him. "You know." She gesticulated wildly in his direction. "From the black." "It's a wedding." He gave her a blank look. "Who wears black to a wedding?" That made Hermione recoil. "Who wearsÑyou wore black to a solstice party." "I didn't have time to change." "Wait, you would have worn colour?" Parvati looked like she was imagining it. Hermione tried to as well, albeit quietly, not at all thinking about how that night had ended. "No." Parvati's smile fell and Hermione's warmed above a chuckle. "I'll hold Halia." Parvati opened both arms. "That way you two can dance the next one." She and Draco exchanged looks. "Would you?" "Do you even dance?" Hermione regretted the question when his playful expression dimmed. It made her scramble. "I would, but no pressureÑ" Draco's eyes shifted from her to another sight that gave her pause. Scorpius had returned, shuffling from foot to foot, and opening and closing his fists at his side. All clear signs of anxiety. The only thing that kept her from worrying was when he looked over his shoulder at Albus who gave him a 'go on' gesture before looking around and running in the direction of Ginny and James. He joined them and they both dragged her out to the floor where Harry was already twirling a laughing Lily around in his arms. Scorpius bravely stepped closer, lifting his hands to sign his question. Dance? Then, he offered his hand, and looked at her with sincerity in his big, blue eyes. Oh. All of his oddities from earlier made perfect sense. Hermione looked at Draco. "Do you mind?" "I don't." His small, warm look told her he meant it. "Then yes." She turned back to Scorpius and accepted his offered hand. "I'd love to dance." The walk to the floor was quick, but when they got there and faced each other, Scorpius started looking around, trying to figure out what to do next. Al and James were revolving around Ginny as if she were the sun and Harry was dangling Lily by her arms. The music was much too slow for their chaos. With her hand, both options weren't possible, but then she slowly opened her other hand and asked for his, despite the pain. From there, they held hands and swayed to the beat of the song. Scorpius laughed the first time she showed him how to spin around. It was easy to get lost dancing. Songs blurred together as Albus and James joined them, then Lily. Soon, Hermione was locked in a circle of children on the dance floor, laughing with them, enjoying herself, and accepting each and every hug given. Lily gave her a fist full of petals she'd smuggled in the pockets of her dress. "Thanks?" The toddler meowed. It wasn't until the music stopped and the newlyweds thanked everyone for sharing this day with them that Hermione realised the opportunity had passed. Looking around, she had to lean before she spotted Draco by the windowÑalone, watching everyone with an even expression. And then it was over. Blaise and Padma had gone to the Zabini Manor to spend the rest of their first day as husband and wife together. Everyone showered them in flower petals until they made it out the door and then they all worked together and started cleaning up the greenhouse. The Potters were the first to leave. Lily was tired after an afternoon of dancing, eating, and general chaos, but the boys were energetic and eager for a cartoon film even Hermione knew they wouldn't finish. Al and James begged for Scorpius to come along, and she figured Draco had agreed when she spied him kneeling in front of his son, signing and speaking to the nodding boy. And then accepting his abrupt hug. It lasted so long the Potters were gathered and waiting for him by the door of the greenhouse when he finally pulled away. Scorpius then rushed over to Hermione for a hug that didn't last nearly as long before he left. He looked back once at them both. Draco remained kneeled, blinking in surprise, long after Scorpius was gone. An hour later, the greenhouse was back in its pre-wedding condition and everyone had said their goodbyes. Not quite ready to leave, Hermione took a slow walk around, taking note of all the changes that had occurred in the last month. The growth. The new additions Neville had brought in. The newly planted almond tree he'd quietly gifted her. There were other plants she had no recollection of, too, but she didn't have time to figure out their origins, distracted instead by the defiant summer plants that showed no signs of going dormant for the impending winter. Odd. Hermione wondered if it was time to expand, if she'd grown out of the space as it was. Hard to believe it had changed so much since she'd planted her first seeds with the hope of filling the bare space with life. And now, through the care of others, it was flourishing. There was a ribbon left behind on the branch of one of the trees, high enough for her to need the step stool to pull it down. She still had to reach, and the tips of her fingers were almost there when hands settled on her waist. Kept her steady. Hermione didn't jolt, only slowly turned to find they were face to face. "I thought you'd gone to the brewing room." "I did." He reached up and pulled the ribbon down with ease. "Then I came back to find you. I thought you'd be finished exploring by now." "There are new plants I haven't seen befÑ" "I believe you owe me a dance." Draco helped her off the stool and didn't let her hand go. "I do." Hermione blinked at him. "But there isn't any music." Draco insisted, in that stoic way of his, and she relented. Surrounded by lush greenery and under the warm rays of the sun as it began its descent, they moved to the music of silence, undisturbed until their shadows stretched under the setting sun. More swaying than actual dancing. More fragments of words than actual conversation. His hand remained a presence on the small of her back, and hers stayed twined with his once he'd worked her fingers open. At some point, Hermione rested her head on his chest, closed her eyes, and inhaled, not ready for the inevitable end. "Are you staying here tonight?" "No." Hermione lifted her head. "At least, not alone." There it was again. The same thing that had been there for days and weeks and months. Just beneath the surface, palpable tension mixed with the portent of everything unspoken. "I shouldn't." Grey eyes moved away, only returning when she tightened her grip on his shirt. "Why?" "You're under Healer's orders and I'mÑI'm selfish." "I don't think there's anything wrong with that." When her hand wandered down the centre of his back, skimming the top of his belt and changing the implication of their dance, Draco's eyebrow rose slowly in interest. "I just think with how much you give to others, and how little time you devote to yourself, I have a hard time finding fault in you for that." Hermione stepped closer, heart speeding up as the air between them thickened. "Have you done anything truly selfish? Not for anyone else. Not to attain any goal. Just for you." "Twice." Draco let go of her hand, and when his fingers skimmed the strap of her pale yellow dress, all pretence of innocuous dancing dissolved. "The first attempt didn't work out in my favour." "And the second?" "Hmm." Draco's expression was indecipherable. "I'm still trying to figure it out." Hermione was used to him being cryptic, but that didn't stop her from attempting to decode his message anyway. "And you?" The question was breathed against her hairline in a voice so low it sent a spark through her veins. "When have you done something selfish?" "I don't know." It would have been easy to step back after the confession, but his hand at the curve of her spine kept her in place. Heat flared when it moved lower, and his touch was firmer as his lips grazed her ear. "I-It's been a long time since I've wanted anything that wasn't a necessity." "That implies you want something you don't think you should." "And if I do?" Hermione leaned back just enough for her to catch the bob of his Adam's apple as he swallowed. "I have rules. I believe even you commented on the fact that everything in my garden serves a purpose. But rules are just that: rules. And sometimes they're meant to be broken." "Is that what you want?" "That depends." Hermione toyed with the unfastened button on his vest. "Are you going to tell me no?" The walk back to the house was electric with unspoken desire. Passing exchanges and brushing hands, tension dissipated in a thunderclap of motion as soon as they passed through the conservatory's threshold. Frenetic kisses and moans, whispered directions and touches, untucked and unbuttoned clothing. They were speeding along until a lone discussion point stopped him. "I didn't bring anythiÑ" "I'm on a potion. Have been sinceÑ" He swallowed the rest of her words. Soon, Hermione was too busy holding on, and moulding her body to his as they kissed in all the ways that proved he'd been holding back. Pleasure spiked heat and pain from the first clack of teeth. Hermione was just as urgent, eager, and willing to allow him the access he clearly wanted. Licking into her mouth, Draco teased her tongue with his as she found the more her hands had been searching for by reaching into already unfastened trousers and wrapping a hand around his cock. They both gasped when she started stroking, reacquainting herself with the weight of him in her palm. Draco hissed the first time his hips moved on their own, and wrapped a shaky hand around her arm. "Wait." He broke their kiss once more, that time with a deep sigh as he nipped her lip. They were forehead to forehead, nose to nose. "Take it slow." "I thought we were being selfish." "We are." "Let me go first." She led the way to the chaise, only letting go long enough for Draco to follow through with her first request: "Take everything off." There was little preamble in how Draco undressed, but Hermione watched every step until he stood before her wearing nothing except ink on his skin. She resumed touching him, hands and lips roaming every place she could reach, before giving him the nudge to sit then standing between his open legs. A light flush tinged his cheeks, but Draco looked at her with blatant want in his eyes. Chest rising and falling. Tongue sweeping across his bottom lip as he fixed his mouth to speak, but everything died when she sank to her knees. "Fuck Granger, you don'tÑ" "I want to." Draco looked like he'd swallowed his tongue when she gripped the base and tasted him for the first time. It was different. Awkward. But there was something intoxicating about the intensity rolling off him. Something addicting about the feel of his cock on her tongue. The thickness. The taste. Something heady about the single choked off moan that escaped his lipsÑthe combination made all hesitation dissolve into ash. Hermione moved in earnest, building to a rhythm that had her hollowing her cheeks on every pull. A hand gripped the edge of the chaise tightly, the other came to the back of her head. Success could be measured in many ways, but Hermione judged hers by the frequency and intensity of the obscenities Draco couldn't help but utterÑpraises a man could only give when he was on the verge of losing his mind. His blissed out face, unconsciously rocking hips, and heavy breathing drowned every shred of residual insecurity as she dragged him closer to the edge. Hermione couldn't look away. She didn't want to. And he couldn't either. The first time she squeezed the base of his cock and took him in deep enough for the tip to touch the back of her throat, Draco shook and his mouth fell open, even as he tried to pull away. "Fuck, I'mÑ" Her slight nod sent him reeling; every careful action was driven by pure need. Strokes quickened, her jaw sore and aching, but Hermione was too determined to stop. Draco broke eye contact once to throw his head back. The sight made Hermione clench her thighs and moan around his cock. He dropped his head, gripped her chin, and held her there as he broke with her name on his lips before it faded into a guttural groan. She swallowed everything he gave. When she wobbled to her feet, feeling disoriented, a curving hand around her waist brought her closer. Draco angled his head to kiss her, but she leaned away. "I don't give a fuck about that." Lips captured hers and released. Then again. Bolder and deeper, Draco seemed to search her mouth for every hint of himself before pulling away. "My turn." His whisper was harsh and ragged. "Turn around." For once, Hermione did as she was told with no argument, biting her lip in anticipation. Draco tilted her head to the side, lips grazing her neck, before easing one strap off her shoulder. Then the other. Soon, she was just as bare as him. Reverent kisses left currents of heat that shifted as he moved. His lips skimmed every scar, and paid homage to every flaw. Murmured words slid against her skin like a promise Hermione let him keep with a sigh as she closed her eyes and let go. Draco picked her up like she weighed nothing, before laying her on the chaise. His hands were worship in touch; his mouth poured praise. Licking, sucking, and caressing, she felt lightheaded in ways she hadn't been in so long. Molten lava pooled between her legs at the thought of more. Draco spread her thighs and settled between them. It was instinct, the way she opened for him, and there was purpose in the tilt of her hips. A sharp inhale was loud in the silence as his lips burned her skin everywhere they touched, and he worked a finger inside her wet cunt. His kisses drew closer to her core, but Draco's pause left her unsure. Aware. "YouÑ" Hermione never finished, seizing up as sure fingers spread her lips and his tongue touched her cunt. Letting out a gasping breath, she carded her fingers through his hair. Unease seemed to creep back in, clumsiness in a way he typically wasn't, but Draco took his time familiarising himself with the act and her body. The low timbre of the moan that slipped out of his mouth vibrated against her skin, sending a bolt of lightning straight to her core. Before long, Draco had her quaking as he slipped a second finger inside, stretching and curling them in all the right ways to make Hermione clench. She couldn't stop looking, touching, and praising. "So good." Draco froze for the span of a breath before doubling his efforts while he kept his eyes trained on herÑwatching, learning, feeling. He had her frantic, arched against his mouth, with breathy, high-pitched sounds leaving her as he held her shaking legs apart. The command was in his eyes. Come. "Wait." Draco immediately stopped and it was all she could do to tear her eyes away, catch her breath, and twist to the side to stop herself from following his silent instructions. "Too much?" Maybe that, too, but Hermione shook her head. "Not here." Her bed wasn't as large as the one they'd been sharing, but that was the last thing on her mind when he brought her leg over his hip, found the right angle, and slowly sank into her. The feeling was new in this position, laying on their sides, and kissing him did little to stop the sighs from escaping them both. There was something emotional and raw about sex that Hermione had never realised before. Not just an act of bodies, it was an exchange of mindsÑthe process of emptying one while filling the other over and over until there was completion. It was the fulfilment of desires. A connection. A different language from the one she spoke, but the interpretation remained the same. They might have been beside one another, but Draco was in control. Steady and easy, he fucked her like he was savouring the experience, like he was searching for a spot in her soul to call his. Draco was all she knew in that moment. All she felt. He was buried deep inside of her, a stretch that blended pleasure and pain. The snap of his hips felt so good she couldn't help but shudder and shake against his lips. They weren't kissing, merely exhaling gasps and brushing lips. He started to touch her, but she shook her head. "Like this." She was drowning in his eyes. "Just like this." She wanted it too much. Wanted him too much. Her body ached wonderfully under his control until she couldn't stand the intensity and kissed him again instead. It didn't help. She knew it was coming but her orgasm still caught her unaware, tensing around him with a ragged shout. Draco dropped his head on her shoulder, mouthing and swearing against her skin, when she clamped and pulsed around him. He shuddered as she quaked. But he fucked her through it, still deep, still slow, though his grip was tighter and his breath shook against her neck. "Tell me I can." His voice was nothing more than a rumble, low and full of want. "Please." She couldn't tell him no. "Yes." "Fuck." His curse sounded more like a plea for mercy he hadn't earned yet. But he would. Maybe she was predictable. Still hazy from her orgasm, she found herself being dragged to the next. It didn't take him long to figure her out, to know what she liked, how to touch her, and when to draw her back to the edge. His rhythm had them both gasping and clinging to the other as tightly as they could. "Oh." This was different. It wasÑ Draco eviscerated the thought by biting down on her lip as his thrusts sharpened and his hips snapped against hers. The sound. The beads of sweat that ran down her brow. The feel of him. Of them. Together. It was messy and human and so overwhelming that Hermione didn't realise she wasn't breathing until he pushed in as deep as he could. "Breathe." Hermione exhaled and tilted her hips just enough to make him hiss. Make him shake. He let go, mouthing at her shoulder and breath heavy as he bit down. They came together. It felt like flying and falling all at once, both dizzying and electrifying in the heady rush of releaseÑnot just her climax, but emotions that burst free. There and gone, it dissipated into the atmosphere between them. Hermione felt the beat of his heart just as he felt hers, but the rhythm was different. Forever changed by the steady thrum of affection. Devotion. Love. Startled by the devastating realisation, Hermione closed her eyes tight as her heart stumbled, slipped, then fell over the truth. She was drowning in him and everything that held heavier meaning than what they'd just done. Draco rubbed her back and held her as they both drifted in silent reflection. Side by side. Face to face. Limbs entwined over the covers. There was more she wanted to say, but she knew she couldn't. Not now. Not like this. "WhatÑ" Hermione cleared the thickness from her throat. "What do you want to talk about tonight?" Anything would be better than the sheer insanity she was ready to confess with the slightest push. Draco, whose hand was touching her hair, paused in his action. "Us." It was the very last thing she wanted to speak about at that moment. She didn't trust herself or anything she was likely to say. "I thinkÉ" She heaved a sigh and closed her eyes. "It feels like everything's too fast, too busy, too chaotic. I wish we could slow it down and let things settle. I know there's a lot undefined but I justÑI like what we are right now. I'm not ready for that to change yet." Draco continued stroking her hair, but said nothing. Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge. Plato NSFW art Chapter End Notes Art for this chapter: Lily Potter by bookloverdream-blessedindeed & Draco & Hermione in the Greenhouse by verymediocre.art & Draco and Hermione Take It Slow by zzzzita & Draco & Hermione in the Greenhouse by art.is_gera Embedded art by Jaxx-in-a-box [ Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Chapter33:StandingStill Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Thirty Three Standing Still October 26, 2011 Dawn brought forth a new day. Wrapped in a charmed blanket, Hermione witnessed the sun's ascent from darkness over the tops of the neighbouring homes. Streaks of colour bathed the waking world in light. Each passing day made it harder to sit still, and harder to focus on the calmness when something else was rising. Tension. Draco was building a structure of his own. Brick by brick, he was painstakingly walling himself up, and retreating deep into the same thoughts he'd been wading through for the last few days. Sometimes he'd let her in, and talk about inconsequential topics that skirted the truth. Other times, he shut her out. Right now, the only thing tying them to one another under the sunrise were warm fingers laced together. The moment ended with a quick glance at his watch. Draco excused himself to make tea with a soft kiss on her wrist. That had been the extent of his daily kisses as of late, nothing more on any front since the morning after the wedding when she'd failed to hide her exhaustion. The evening left her a bit bruised, sore, and depleted for two days. Hermione had no regrets, but Draco remained on edge. When he was gone, her sigh joined the breeze. Hermione had an idea what was wrong, but since he wasn't ready to discuss, she stopped pushing and started preparing for the moment he was. Decision made, she enjoyed the sunrise for another fifteen minutes before dragging herself indoors, and was just inside the threshold when she stopped at the sight before her. Theo and Draco mirrored each other. The former's head turned upon her entrance while the latter continued staring at the bowl centred on the coffee table. But it wasn't just any bowl. Wide. Shallow. Made of black onyx. Placed on a stand made of wrought iron. A Pensieve. "Hermione." Theo folded his arms, appearing uncharacteristically uneasy. She had interrupted something. Whether it was an argument or a conversation, she didn't know. "How are you feeling?" It was the same question he asked each time he saw her. "Better each day in some respects." She loomed closer, taking a spot between them both. "Are you certain about this, Theo?" Draco's question was quickly followed by an exchange of meaningful looks. It spoke of a deeper bond between the men that she'd never bore witness to before. "I'm not." Theo's fingers skimmed the rim one last time before he shoved both hands into his pockets. "But I think this will be more beneficial to Narcissa than to me. She told me you've been extracting memories." "I have." At Draco's words Hermione recoiled slightly. "Just a few." She hadn't known that. "It's not been an easy process." Draco brought his hands behind himself, tearing his eyes away from the Pensieve. "Some of the memories are faint and unclear at times but solid and easy to capture at others. Healer Smith has been coordinating the effort." She hadn't known that either. "I'm aware. We discussed logistics yesterday with your mother." And while bits of Hermione resented not being part of the process that she'd been tending to for months, the thought of Narcissa having a way to rememberÑfinally wanting to take the step towards preservation, and finally opening herself to everything she'd fought her so hard onÑmade the feeling simmer and fade. Her focus returned to the point: Narcissa had as many good days as bad. She hadn't braided her hair for the last two mornings. Not because she didn't want to, but because she simply couldn't. The tremors were too bad. "Besides, Hermione was right." Draco frowned but Hermione looked at Theo in dawning realisation. "You told me that it was time to let go of the pain. I thought this was a good place to start." With one final look at them both, Theo ducked his head, turned, and left. Draco followed. And just before they left her sight line, Hermione watched as Draco's hand clapped Theo's back while Theo nodded as if he were internally banishing his own lingering doubts. Now alone, Hermione sat on the sofa, and drew a blanket around her as she observed the Pensieve. It was smaller than she'd imagined, but size meant nothing; there was a complex and powerful magic radiating from the ever-present cloudy liquid in the basin. Memories, Hermione reminded herself. Theo's, to be exact. They called to her like a siren. Hesitant fingers grazed the odd carvings on the side of the shallow basin, noting the smooth, waxy surface before forcing herself to retreat. Having seen the Pensieves from Dumbledore's office and the Ministry, this one should have been less intriguing, but Hermione couldn't look away or stop herself from analysing every bit of it. Malleability made onyx easy to cut into any shape, and its meaning was equally as flexible. Seen as a protective stone for the dark and lonely to some, it also meant decisiveness and strength to others. Hermione couldn't help but observe the thin white bands in the sea of black and think about the balance of polarities etched in the stone. "He gave me the memories to discard." Draco's voice startled her, but his appearance with two cups of tea settled her. "They're too tempting for him to keep." Accepting the cup, they drank in silence. "I didn't know you could remove memories. Some are buried with their Pensieves." "There are ways to destroy the vials." Draco's eyes were trained on it, focused as he frowned. "But what's in the bowl now aren't his memories. It's the last memory viewed. Yours." Hermione sat up straighter. "FromÑ" "The complete memory of the day you gave me, yes." Draco crossed his legs, pretending to appear relaxed when he very clearly was not. "I still view it." She waited until her ginger tea was finished. The bite was smoothed with honey and lemon. It was the same tea Draco had been making each morning. She placed the cup on the table and turned to him. "Why?" "For answers that I can't seem to find." The unknown of what she'd seen. A mystery weaved into the mist. Hermione eyed the cloudy liquid; the lone plume of smoke rising and curling in the air called to her curiosity. Her need to know any answer. "Perhaps you need my perspective. I lived through it once." Her eyes cut to him. "Are you the only one who's seen?" "Yes, and I don't see why you would want to relive it." "It would be difficult, but there's comfort found in survival, even if it's been a slow journey with setbacks and frustrations." Hermione knew that the bad memories were just as important as the good. Uncomfortable, yes. Hard to talk about, certainly. But, in the end, they shaped who she was and gave Hermione her sense of self. Both positive and negative. "Maybe if I find what you're looking for, you can stop searching for answers." Draco looked down into his teacup before finishing the last bit and placing it next to hers. "You already have nightmares, Granger." She often woke up gasping for air, clawing at an invisible hand around her neck. Or in the forest bleeding. "We both do, yours just keep you awake." Thoughts. Memories. You. Three things that admittedly swirled around Draco's head oftenÑnow more than ever. Too many nights she'd found him sitting at his desk, staring at the map, working on translations, or pondering something that left him deep in thought. Hermione had all but dragged him to bed each night, where they stared at each other in the silence that followed her nightly question. "Perhaps we can ease both of our minds and look together." Draco stopped at her final word. Building tension mounted in the wake of his unspoken words. Now that her heart was settling into its new beat, Hermione found herself more committed to putting the world on mute. She'd spent too many days with every aspect of it screaming at her. Recovery. Injury. Therapy. Change. Fear. Permanence. Love. The cyclone of events had left her weary, and she just wanted peace. Time to adjust on her new axis. To think and plan and ponder. But, even now, in the silence that lengthened following her suggestion, Draco's eyes spoke, and Hermione listened. Slowly unfurling, she tentatively reached for him, testing the heat of her affection and hoping the flame wouldn't singe her skin as she explored the differences between love then and now. Past and present. It was strange that in all the ways she'd loved before, each was different. This love was dynamic. Experimental like the hand in hers. Uncharted like the task she'd suggested. Unique like the journey to understanding how she'd found herself in the middle of it all before she'd known it had begun. There were layers of time and experience that stacked on top of one another until it took this shape that loomed too large to ignore. She was torn between analysis and impulse. During each passing moment she became more and more aware that, like fire, some days she would flicker slowly, and others she would feel the need to roar and crash. Both were destructive in their beauty. As was he. Hermione scooted closer on her own, closing the space between them, and bringing their joined hands to her lips. "You're frustrated with me," she whispered against his skin. "Among other things." His thumb swept across her knuckles. "I don't want to discuss it at the moment." "IÑ" Hate this. "I don't want to argue with you like last time. I think, at least I hope we're past that." "I agree, which is why I'm saying not now. Not today." Zippy's arrival was soon followed by the sound of gathering pots and pans. "You're due for potions and breakfast, and Scorpius will be down soon. He has a half day today. Daphne is coming to pick him up." The way Draco fidgeted was so subtle Hermione almost missed it before he exhaled and sat back. "I also feel the need to inform you there was a Greyback sighting last night." "Where?" "Forty kilometres outside Godric's Hollow." He focused on their joined hands. "He tore apart two Muggle hikers and critically injured the rest. He didn't use magic." Clearing his throat, Draco looked away while Hermione blinked, stunned silent from the brutality. It wasn't the first attack since St Mungo's nor was it the first sighting of him. There had been more but each was in the forest or at night, stalking villages, bleeding from the remaining cuts that wouldn't heal. Feral or nearly there. "Potter's team is heading the investigation. Since I'm on desk duty for a few weeks, I'll tell you more as I find out." "O-okay." "I'll be late tonight, so schedule our discussion." "You're ridiculous." A suppressed chuckle escaped. It sounded brittle, but here she was, thinking about his calendar while pressing a promissory kiss to his wrist, analysing the spark of surprise that quickly shot across his face. Hermione started to say more, she wanted to, even though she'd promised herself that she wouldn't, but the sound of Scorpius coming down the stairs stopped her. It was painful to let go of his hand. The watering schedule of Mint the cactus was not delineated by days, but rather by need; the task was completed after carefully monitoring the succulent and the potting mix. Scorpius would touch the soil and sign the word dry, then on the seventh day of dry soil, they would water it. But with the season changing and temperature cooling, the timing would have to change. Unfortunately, nobody bothered to inform Catherine. Which explained why, after Molly's chaotic exit with three Potter children who had just finished a half day, HermioneÑfresh from a soak to clear her mind following a disastrous therapy sessionÑhappened upon Scorpius and Catherine in a standoff in front of the cactus. She paused on the middle step. "Everything okay?" "I thought it was time to water the cactus, but Scorpius doesn't think so." Catherine didn't sound sure. Wait for you, he signed to Hermione when she reached the bottom step before he shot Catherine a stern look. Neither her nor Catherine could stop smiling; it was adorable. "Ah, did you touch the dirt?" Scorpius nodded and held up all ten fingers. Days since the last watering. He'd obviously remembered her explanation for why they hadn't watered when he'd held up seven fingers, and her smile grew. The cactus appeared to be healthier than ever, far from the sad, leaning thing she'd rescued. The little boy was patiently waiting for her to decide. "I think we can water it today." Daphne arrived to collect her nephew for the afternoon while Hermione watched Catherine water the cactus under the supervision of squinty eyes. Scorpius broke into a wide smile when he saw his aunt and came to her side when his nanny asked Hermione if that was enough. The distrustful look Catherine earned made Daphne smother a chuckle, but a mumbled comment slipped out. "Just like Draco." He was. More and more each day. Even the gentle bits of Scorpius she'd never associated with his father reminded Hermione of him now. Something sweet emerged when he touched the dirt, checking Catherine's work, and then his face returned to a pleased look before he signed thank you. Hermione had never seen Catherine look so happy. "You're welcome." With the cup in hand, Catherine squatted before the boy, hope in her eyes and kindness in her soft smile. "I know today was a test run until Miss Granger gets better, but can we water the cactus together next time?" He went through a series of expressions yet never seemed to land on an answer. Instead, he looked to her for guidance. Hermione couldn't get to his level like she normally would, but she still offered her support. "Mint is your cactus and you get to decide." Scorpius looked over at Catherine, still kneeled and hopeful, and nodded slowly. Catherine was ecstatic, and the two left hand in hand to pick out an outfit for him to wear to dinner. There was a new pep in her step. "Dinner clothes?" Hermione's brow rose slowly. "For my parents. I know, but they asked me to bring Scorpius by for dinner tonight and stay. No one is more shocked than I am." Daphne's sigh was a complicated mix of emotions like worry and fear with an echo of sadness that ran deep. "I haven't seen them since the funeral." "How are you feeling about this?" "I-I'm not sure. Scorpius usually visits every couple of months with Narcissa, but that's changed as of late." Hermione knew why. Draco had confessed one night that he didn't care for his in-laws for a myriad of reasons, but refused to cut them from Scorpius' life. But it never stopped them from trying to include him in every interaction with Scorpius. He declined every invite, ignored every best wish relayed from his mother, and left the task of communication to her. It was one of the few things he hadn't changed since taking over Scorpius' care. "Did you find out why they wanted to see you?" "I think it has less to do with me and more to do with Halia. I think they woke up one day and realised I was the only daughter they had left and that I had one of my own. My mother turned up at my office with the invite, and looked disappointed when I said I wouldn't bring her. I'm not saying no forever, butÑ" "You don't have the energy right now." "It's almost been a year and I just don't have the capacity." Daphne folded her arms before giving her a probing look. "It sounds like you're in a similar mood." "I am with my own mother." She cringed. "I can only hope I won't repeat history. That I'll be better. That Halia will beÑ" "You will be." "And what about you?" Daphne seemed genuinely interested. "At some point I'll try, but right now I've turned that part of my brain off until a time when I'm ready to fix the connection." She looked down at her closed fist. "But my dad drove me home." "What? How did that happen?" "Draco arranged it." At that, her friend looked very surprised. "He turned up here and we talked on the ride. He saw my home. My garden. My life and I thinkÑ" Not for the first time, emotions swelled when she thought of that day and the fact that it had led to more talks and another visit for dinner where Scorpius showed off all his artwork. "I think we're going to be fine." They were both working on it. Daphne wrapped an arm around Hermione's shoulders and turned it into the hug she needed. One that she held long enough for her friend to grow concerned. "You seem off." Daphne searched her face with a squint that reminded her of Scorpius. She was far more observant than she let on. "What's wrong?" "I have a lot weighing on me." Hermione worried her bottom lip with her teeth. "Your mind?" "And maybe my heart." Daphne's eyes widened, but anything she was about to ask disappeared when Scorpius and Catherine returned, the former with a bag in his hand, ready to go. He paused when he got closer, looking between them both with a pinch between his brows that she smoothed away with her thumb. He looked at Catherine anxiously until she excused herself back the way she came, waving, still pleased with their progress. Practise, Scorpius signed, then looked over at his aunt. "Are you sure?" In addition to The Name Game, he had been practising. His urge to speak grew along with the nerve and energy it took to try. Slowly, at least. Their little talks still tired him out, and he still got stressed about the hypothetical talk with his father, but now it was more from nerves than genuine fear. Once they were seated, Daphne's puzzled expression morphed into concern the more agitated he got. He paced the length of the sofa until Hermione offered a bit of solace and whispered encouragement. His aunt's curiosity returned when Scorpius shuffled over to her with his grip tight on Hermione's cardigan and his breaths coming in quick succession. Another look made Hermione give him a little nudge. "Like the scorpion." He nodded and audibly exhaled. "Brave." His voice was barely a whisper, and his cheeks flushed scarlet. Daphne's hands flew to her mouth; the shocked tears in her eyes fell without notice when she gathered her trembling nephew into a hug. He touched the ends of her hair, closed his eyes, and held on. "You are brave." She was stumbling on words after that. "HowÑwhat? When? IÑ" "A little while. He's been practising to talk to his dad, but you're the second hurdle." Hermione rested her hand on Scorpius' back. His heart was racing and he sounded on the verge of tears, but when he turned his head, he didn't look sad. He looked relieved. Accomplished. Happy. "I'm so proud of you. We both are." They stayed like that until Scorpius calmed completely and was back to signing. Quickly, Hermione figured out that he was looking forward to visiting to pet Cheddar the cat and play with Halia; an act that consisted of Scorpius laying on his stomach beside her and watching in awe while she squeaked, wiggled, and rose up and down during tummy time. Hermione had only witnessed it once on the morning of the wedding, and the sight of the cousins together wasn't one she would soon forget. Come with me? The signed question took Hermione by surprise. "Next time, okay?" She meant it. The only way subtlety could be a lost art for Narcissa was if she'd ever cared about it at all. Dressed to perfection in burnt orange robes that flowed just past her knees, she appeared in front of Hermione, who was struggling her way through the same page she'd been trying to read off and on since Susan had allowed her to begin reading three days ago. The headache wasn't bad, but Hermione was rapidly learning that her concentration on even the most minute of tasks had to be rebuilt along with her strength. Narcissa stood before her with her hair slightly disturbed by the cool breeze. "If you have nothing to do, I require your presence in my wing in thirty minutes." Hermione closed the book and placed it beside her, giving the woman her full attention. "What is it?" She could use a distraction. Any would do. Her muscles were sore and her spirit was battered from Susan's concerned hum after running several grip tests on her hand. "Draco's potion will be administered today." Oh. "A neutralising potion will be administered to clear my current regime from my system. The process will take a few hours." Narcissa cleared her throat and took a seat next to her, crossing her legs, forever poised. "I amÉ" Nervous, from the cues she was giving off. Scared. Hermione could relate. "My sister will be there as well, but I would feel more comfortable if you were present." She couldn't disguise her shock. "Do not look so surprised, Miss Granger. You know my case better than anyone. You have worked tirelessly, even as I fought you every step of the way." Narcissa gave her a meaningful look; a slight quirk of her lip spoke of a sort of fondness she only spotted in fleeting moments. "Despite your current medical absence, I thought you might like to see your dedication come to fruition." Hours. Weeks. Months. With mounting physical concerns, her own frustration, and the building storm in her mind, the fact that Narcissa thought of her meant more than she could express. Clearing her throat, Hermione pulled her lips into a smile. "Thank you. I would." There was a pause, and they both focused on everything except each other. "You were not there when I went to your therapy room." "My session ended early and I took a bath to clear my mind." "What happened?" Narcissa's attention was focused on Hermione's injured hand. "There will be more tests. If I were treating myself, I would give it another month or two of little improvement before I started having serious conversations about permanent damage." She was mentally preparing herself for that. Or, she would. It was one of the topics she'd put on mute. She had to or she would go mad. "I suppose it is a good thing you are not treating yourself." Narcissa's look was pointed. "You are far more patient with others than you are yourself. IÑ" Something shifted in her demeanour and Hermione instantly knew to tread lightly when Narcissa closed her eyes and her body stiffened. "Let me call for Sachs." "No." She shook her head. "I will wait it out. Just some stiffness." They remained in silence until Andromeda arrived, then they walked to her wing where Healer Smith awaited with Sachs. The Healer talked about benefits and necessary caution while Narcissa held both their hands as she consented. She let go of Hermione's to accept the neutralising potion. The effects weren't instant, but before the start of the next hour, Narcissa was asleep with Andromeda's hand still in hers. Healer Smith moved quietly around the room, a now familiar place for him. In the last month, he had rapidly earned the respect of Keating and SachsÑquicker than she hadÑand judging from the conversation she'd had with both, he and Draco had worked well together while testing the potency of the potion. His road to trust was smoother, but Hermione couldn't help but wonder if it was because she'd cleared the way. While he monitored her with charms and ran test after test, the potency of the potions in her system slowly began to fade. Hermione drifted closer, wrapping her hand around her sore wrist as she looked on. "I thought you might have more questions about the process." "I do love my questions." They both chuckled before she shook her head and continued. "I'm interested in the process, but today I'm not here as a Healer. Just support." "Says the Healer who called nearly weekly for six months." "I'm tenacious and this is well outside of my specialty." "Your notes don't speak of your inexperience. The fact is we're here today with a potion that would change the way this disease is treated, and that speaks to you and Mr Malfoy's credit and efforts." He glanced down at her hand. "Any better? I know little of your case, only what happened that made Mr Malfoy sign me on as your replacement, but Narcissa speaks of you often." "We're working up to the highly part." Hermione bit back a smile. "Oh?" Charles looked a bit confused. "SheÑ" "She does care. In her own way," Andromeda said. "My sister has always been difficult and particular, even though she wonders where Draco got it from." A quiet chuckle escaped and Hermione turned to her. "If she didn't care at least a fraction, she wouldn't bother at all. She wouldn't poke or prod or push or try to help mould you into a better version of yourself. I think she has been intrigued with you longer than she's actually liked you, so her irritating you constantly is her way. I say this as her sister, who has had to listen to her repeated efforts to teach me how to prune." Hermione flashed a smile then turned thoughtful eyes to the sleeping witch. "I suppose we have that in common." And she wondered if the war between traditional and liberal methodologies had put them where they were now: still firmly in their corners of propriety, but with a better understanding and respect for the other's traditions that shaped them into who they each were. Strong women who handled adversity in their own way. Maybe not always the right way, but they could adjust. Learn. Understand. "Excuse me, Healer Granger, could you take a look at this." Charles held up the parchment. Hermione and Andromeda exchanged looks before she did as requested. "This is her established baseline in April, and this is her baseline now after six months." It had shiftedÑin the wrong direction. The positive was that her regime was working to treat the symptoms, but the negative was that she was still declining at the normal rate for the disease. "I can compare, but on sight, her results look as though she is at the midway point. More physical concerns to join the mental." Andromeda swept her fingers across her sister's forehead. "What exactly will the potion improve?" "Her current potions work to keep her lucid and sharp longer, while treating the symptoms of her disease, but they will fail the moment she doesn't take them correctly. This potion will not. It will work as the others do, just on a more stable basis so she doesn't have to take potions within a certain time frame. What we will do is take the properties of this potion and begin to test variations that may help us find different ways to slow the buildup of the protein in the brain that causes it." A potential cure. "It's years away, maybe not even in my career or during my lifetime, but the first thing needed is a steady supply of this potion." Which was why the cultivation of the ingredients was so important. "The ingredients are beginning to grow." Hermione knew her voice sounded faint. A cure might not help Narcissa, but it was a small act that had a wide reach for a disease that was becoming more and more common. Groundbreaking. "Healer Smith, how do you plan to monitor the efficacy?" "Daily cognitive and magical testing in addition to oversight around the clock. I am training Sachs and Keating to be more than Palliative Care Healers. I'd also like them to be part of the unofficial research team I'm taking over from Healer Davies." Hermione stepped back. "Did youÑ" "Inherit boxes and boxes of your research? Yes." He sounded humoured at her apologetic expression. "Did I also acquire Mr Malfoy's research? Yes, but he is keeping the potion's patent to himself, as expected. For collateral." No, that wasn't a surprise and it was interesting how quickly Charles had learned that about him. "I get the impression he speaks louder than he moves." A cryptic statement, but Hermione knew the meaning. Always in the shadows. Always several steps ahead. Not out of habit. Out of necessity. Charles took out his wand, cast another charm, and the parchment shifted and changed. "I'm going through everything while training Sachs and Keating so they can take on a more active role in her care rather than passive observation." It was a good idea Hermione wished she'd thought of months ago. But she had been too used to working alone. Too set in her ways. Perhaps Hermione wasn't being fair to herself. She was growing and changing; she could feel the difference between herself on her first day as Narcissa's Healer and now. What once was a fact was now questionable. What once was stable had been thrown into flux. Change. It never had been easy. Adjusting to new realities and life rhythms was always uncomfortable. Hermione felt it now more than ever, but what was even more challenging was seeing that things had changed in the first place, especially when it involved her. Too focused on every extraneous aspect of life, often Hermione was the last to recognise what others knew as fact. Draco. And here she was on that path again. Different subject, but the road, as always, led back to him. Knowing why was both a revelation and a sobering lesson. "Are you okay?" Hermione stepped out of her own thoughts only to find Andromeda eyeing her curiously. They were now alone with Narcissa, who was still resting. The curtains had been drawn. She would sleep for hours to the quiet scratching of quill against parchment as it recorded her vitals. "Sorry, I've been distracted." "Hmm." Andromeda crossed her legs, settling back in her chair. "I imagine you have lots of distractions right now. How is counselling going?" "I'm supposed to find true calm." She scoffed at the assignment. "It's not going well." "How can you find anything? I can see panic all over you. I recognise it." Andromeda gave her a look that only meant one thing: they were about to talk. For the first time, Hermione didn't consider avoiding it. Or her. "I battle my own thoughts all the time, especially concerning Cissa." Andromeda closed her eyes for a moment. "I am only just beginning to make peace with what is happening, but no matter what happens or when it happens, I plan to be there for her. And for Draco and Scorpius." Hermione looked down. "Who will be there for you? I know I will, butÑ" "I am not alone. I know how to lean on others. Though that is something I had to learn, just as you are right now." Venturing to the wall, Hermione stared at the portrait of a dock that parted the water and seemed to stretch into forever. She oscillated between keeping her thoughts to herself and reaching out on a tender subject. The latter won by a minuscule margin. "IÑyou told me Draco would be the hardest lesson I'd ever learn. Why did you say that?" Andromeda's eyes widened in surprise before she released her sister's hand, placing it carefully on the cover. It looked like stalling, but Hermione knew she was gathering the right words. "I'll confess I wasn't well-versed in my nephew when I said that to you, but I learned quickly the first few times we spoke alone." The day in her garden. The dinner she forced him to attend. Other private moments Draco hinted at before sleep but never went into. There was a quiet respect he carried for Andromeda as of late, woven deep in the things he didn't speak on. They often met in private, and the one time she had happened upon them, Andromeda had a hand on his shoulder. He hadn't flinched, and the way he was listening intensely to what she was saying beneath the privacy charm caught Hermione by surprise. "At the time, I had only just met him, but I already knew that you were misunderstanding him. I saw the way he looked at you then, and I see the way he looks at you now. I've been with him during times you won't ever remember." Andromeda joined her by the painting, and brought her hands behind her back. "I know you know he cares for you. You must. I think everyone knows, despite the silence on the subject." "I know he does. It's mutual." A bubble of laughter escaped and it sounded a little panicked to her own ears. "I think about how much has happened and how little time has actually passed, and then I think I must be completely mad for feeling this way so quickly." "I imagine he is feeling something similar. Draco cycles between exasperation and understanding. He is patient, but I have realised his patience only extends to the things he finds worth his wait." Hermione brought her injured hand to her chest. "I'm not. I doÑ" "To truly know someone is to differentiate between who they once were, who they are now, and who they're capable of being. He's a hard lesson because you're having to learn in both foresight and hindsight, all while gaining insight within yourself and him. It's not an easy or simple task in addition to everything life has thrown your way." Andromeda turned to her. "Don't run from the challenge simply because it makes you uncomfortable." "I have no intentions to." Hermione inhaled then released the breath slowly until her lungs were empty. "Not that I could run. Life goes on and I'm cemented to the ground." "You're vulnerable right now, aren't you?" Her chest felt tight just like it did each time she cried. "Among other things." She hated the feeling but it only grew, narrowing her vision. "Do you know why I've routinely invited you over for so long?" "I thought you were checking in." "I was. That's true." Andromeda slowly took Hermione's hand in hers and started massaging it open, using the same techniques as her nephew. "I love your independence, Hermione, but for years I watched you take on more and more, and I wondered if it was a trauma response to the war or even your seizure. Your friends have always worried about you, so I started keeping my eye on you as well. I invited you over when you went too long without communicating and fed you when you were being stubborn. I made you talk and did what I could to give to you what you gave to others." Hermione couldn't speak. "You are one of the strongest people I know, but being strong isn't your only choice, nor is it always an option. It's okay to hurt, to be afraid, to worry, but you don't have to keep everything bottled up. It's okay to let people help you." "I have. I had no other choice, but I'm grateful. Everyone has tended to evÑ" "I know you fought to find a new normal after your seizure, and I know you're terrified of having to do the same thing again." Her thumb swept across the palm of Hermione's hand. "Scared that you'll be trapped by limitations you don't even know exist." Truth brought her emotions to the surface in the form of tears. Helpless to do anything else, they fell. "There's more on your mind, too. Other things you're struggling with. My advice to you is the same advice I gave Draco while you were unconscious: step outside of yourself and breathe. Then, when you feel calm enough, do it again. Slower." A pause hung between them, and all she could hear was her own quick, gasping breaths. "You're not cemented to the ground, Hermione. You're not trapped by what happened to you or whatever it is that's happening that you won't speak about. You're just standing still. And you're allowed to." Hermione brushed away more rogue tears as they escaped. "You'll think through everything and make a decision to move in the direction of your choosing. Once you make up your mind, you commit completely. You have always been like this, so I have faith that you will figure out how to deal with whatever is weighing so heavily on you." She closed her eyes and focused. "But, for now, stand tall and know that I am with you. I will always be here." Hermione leaned into the comfort of her steady presence. "There's a lot I want to talk to you aboÑ" "Don't. Not now." Andromeda held her hand that trembled. "Right now we need to stand still." October 29, 2011 Kneading dough required a steady mantra of push, fold, turn, push, fold, turn to transform a sticky, diaphanous glob of flour and water into a supple ball of dough. From messy to manageable. Hermione used her wand to summon and mix the ingredients, her injured hand to test the temperature, and the other to begin feeling the dough as she kneaded. Lastly, she used her senses with the voice of Susan in her head. "Meditation is the act of coming to your senses." And perhaps she had a point because baking had the same concept of giving her attention to something. In her failed attempts in physical therapy, Hermione was directed to give her attention to each breath, but now she tried to synchronise her breathing with kneading the dough. The pain made the attempt less successful, as did the cramp in her other hand and the realisation of the novice mistakes she'd made. She hadn't used bread flour or weighed the ingredients, and the eggs were cold. All in all, she had a mess on her hands and no hope of turning it into dough. "Well, this feels like the opposite of meditation." "Is that what you were doing?" Harry made a cringing face from his spot across the island, and tilted his head. His presence in her kitchen felt like normality. "I thoughtÑactually, I wasn't sure what you were doing. I find it best if I don't ask." Hermione cut him down with a glare then shook both her head and sore hands before depositing the entire mess into the sink. She washed her hands with soap, and for a long time, she used the warm water to both cleanse her skin and relax the muscles in her hand. "I can usually focus when I knead dough." "Were you going to make sad pie?" Harry looked interested. "Maybe not a sad pie, but a treat for the kids. Just to see if I could at least start." Harry chuckled with a bemused shake of his head. "Malfoy said you were focused on getting back to normal. I thought maybe you weren't pushing yourself so hard, butÑ" "You two talk about me?" "Not really. I asked and almost got my head bitten off, but it was worth it." Harry shrugged when she began the slow process of drying her hand with a cloth. "I figured he would know better than anyone." "I talk to you, too." "Not about things that concern you. Not as of late." He was very matter-of-fact, but lifted his eyes the moment they heard feet. "We'll talk more during the flying lesson. Come on." They met at the end of the island. Harry slung an arm over her shoulder once they were outside, and she brought her good arm around him. The autumn air outside was crisp and cool but not cold, the forest swayed in the breeze, and Hermione was happy to be in a jumper. Today was too warm for a coat. Inhaling the fresh air, they continued at a slow pace. Harry was a steady presence at her side, and even when she could feel his natural urge to walk faster, he didn't. Hermione took notice of Ginny and James flying lower and closer to the ground while a lone figure stood with his back to the pair. Draco. In his Quidditch kit. The dramatic sight turned comical as Al orbited him like a moon. When he nearly fell trying to brake, Draco caught him before Harry could wince. As soon as he had him righted, the little boy was back at it, but even from where they were, she could see the way Albus beamed. Harry could, too. "Not sure why Al likes him so much." "I don't even think Al knows." She shook her head. "He wanted to dress as Mr Draco for the Halloween Tent Extravaganza." Hermione laughed so hard they had to stop because she got dizzy. "I only just barely talked him out of it." Harry was shaking his head miserably. "But we've gone through seven costume phases in the last week, the last of which was a bird." "Oh like aÑ" "A pigeon." He scrubbed a hand over his face. "Maybe I should rethink letting him go as Mr Draco. Imagine Malfoy's horror while Al follows him around dressed as him." Hermione could. Vividly. Apparently, Harry could, too; his grin was wicked. "What are James and Lily dressing as?" "James wants to go as Batman, and as you've seen today, I can't get Lily out of her cat costume." What a sight she made earlier when she asked for milk. In a bowl. Draco had covered his amusement with a cough while the rest of them howled with laughter when Scorpius very seriously petted her on the head to stop her from hissing at Albus. She laughed again at the memory. "What about Scorpius? He seems like the more rationalÑ" "He wanted to go as Mint." "The herb?" "No, the cactus." "It's named what?" Harry guffawed but stopped mostly when she glared at him. "I have a daughter in a cat phase, I probably have no room to talk." "No." And they both laughed again. "If it makes you feel any better, Draco is also trying to change his mind, but he's sending Catherine around for costumes." "Speaking of tomorrow, I got an invite from Narcissa Malfoy, who is hosting a makeup dinner for your birthday with Pansy at Blaise's estate tomorrow night." "I asked them not to, butÑ" "Good, you should celebrateÑgiven everything." Then his look turned sly. "Are you and Malfoy coming together or are you both still acting like nothing is happening?" Hermione touched the braid Narcissa had spent an hour on this morning. "We're coming together." He'd even asked about the colour of her dress. "Not pretending, but I am taking some time to settle and figure things out." "Oh?" Harry said nothing else, but by the time he transfigured weeds into another hideous mustard sofa, Hermione was tired. No time to grimace, she sat and started catching her breath. James flew in circles while Ginny flew over to them, stopping right before where they were seated. "Where's Scorpius?" "Catherine's helping him into hiÑ" "Oh, here they come." Ginny smiled and returned to James, both hovering over the ground a bit higher. She was giving him instructions that the boy nodded at. She then dropped lower to the ground and whistled at Al, who left his path to join his mother. Draco finally looked in their direction. Before Harry and Ginny had arrived with the children, she'd caught him in the conservatory polishing both of their brooms in preparation. Draco was excited. Finally able to do something he'd wanted to do for months. And he had the nerve to look good in Quidditch gear. Draco extended his hand and caught his broom with ease. If she hadn't known better from their talks, Hermione would have assumed he'd played in recent months. Mounting his broom, he took to the sky, hovering higher than Ginny, before he flew to the edge of the forest and back. It only took seconds, but when he touched down, Albus made an abrupt beeline for her and was dismounting his broom when she figured out why. Scorpius arrived first, followed quickly by Catherine, who carried a dozing Lily, still in her cat costume for her afternoon nap. "Sorry it took so long." "Not an issue." "I think this cat needs a nap." Lily meowed sleepily. Harry shook his head and opened his arms, ending up with an armful of his daughter. She settled against him quickly. As soon as Catherine was gone, both boys were in front of her, and dressed in matching quidditch gear. The only difference was that Al had his helmet on and was carrying the broom he'd just dismounted. Scorpius didn't have his broom but carried his helmet. Hermione hugged them both hello. "You're here to watch us fly!" Albus left Scorpius' side to make faces at his dad. "I sure am." Hermione grinned. "Who put your helmet on?" "Mum!" And he grinned, showing off the second tooth he'd lost just yesterday. "It looks good!" She looked at Scorpius. "Are you excited, too?" He didn't really give an answer one way or another, and his hands were too full to sign. Truth be told, Hermione was nervous for the lesson. She had been all day. It was definitely outside of his comfort zone, but Molly had told her about how mournful he looked as he watched the others fly last month. Now, he would get the chance to join them. His whispered response in her ear made her smile. "Yes." She caught the edge of Al distracting his dad by flicking Lily's cat ear. It earned him a bit of chastising. Sneaky. But it was working. "My dad says Mr Draco is going to teach Scorp and I'm going to fly with him until he's ready." His words came out in a hurried rush as he shuffled from foot to foot in excitement. "Then we'll fly together!" Scorpius nodded. "That sounds like an excellent plan, I can't wait to watch." Harry gave Hermione an easy smile before shooing his son back to his mum after fixing the lace of his boot. With Albus gone, Scorpius shyly presented his helmet to her, silently asking her to put it on. Of course, she agreed, accepting the offer and placing the strapped helmet on his head, letting him snap the safety chin strap in place to help her. He beamed proudly, eyes wide with affection. "There you go." Then she noticed his sock wasn't tucked right and fixed it, hiding her grimace. After dusting invisible lint off his blue jumper, she made certain his hair wouldn't fall out of the helmet. "If you aren't comfortable, or if you get anxious and feel like you need to sit down, let your dad know, okay?" Scorpius nodded, and there were nerves fluttering in her belly when Draco landed several feet in front of them. "Be careful." She looked from son to father. "Both of you." "Worried much?" The corner of his mouth twitched in a rare display of arrogance. "I got it covered." Instead of scowling, his response made her flush and break into a wide smile. Hermione rubbed her head, feeling ridiculous. "Yes, sorry. Go have fun." Draco gave her another smirk and curious look before walking back to the others, hand in hand with his son, who looked up at him in awe. They both glanced back once. Scorpius waved with a wide grin and nudged his father until he did the same with a smirk on his face. Hard to tell who it was for. A throat cleared when they were far enough away, and Hermione could feel Harry's eyes on her. "I'm ignoring you." "You can try." Hermione stuck out her tongue. "We could talk about the family moment I just witnessed or about how you seem more worried about Scorpius than Malfoy." Harry looked too proud of himself. "You choose." She already knew which direction she was going. "I'll confess I'm worried about him falling." "He might." A shrug was all Hermione received immediately following his comment. "It's encouraged that they fall so they won't be afraid to do it again." "I know. I took him to the playground before, but this is a different kind of height and what if he's scared for the rest of his life because ofÑ" "Relax." Harry rested a hand on her shoulder before laying the now sleeping Lily on the sofa next to him. The first thing she did was kick him, which made Harry shift closer to Hermione. "There. Anyway, I don't think Malfoy is going to let him fall, and even if he can't catch him in time and he does, you won't let him live in fear." He was right. Hermione felt uncomfortable and a bit silly spewing out all her worries. "What's with you?" Harry bumped his knee against hers. "First the meditative dough and now this? You seemÉ" "I'm fine." "HermioneÉ" Harry trailed off, giving her a pointed look. It wasn't terribly unlike Mrs Weasley's look but she found she couldn't resist it as hard as she had. Maybe she was tired. Drained. Torn. Restless. "Well, if you won't tell me, then answer this: are you ready to come home?" It should have been an easy yes, but last night, they'd watched the stars with Scorpius and she'd decided to stay because of the playdate, which led to waking up this morning to Scorpius knocking politely on her door. He'd all but dragged her downstairs to where Draco had a more than palatable breakfast ready. At her visible display of shock, he'd just rolled his eyes and said, "Just because I hate cooking doesn't mean I can't." Draco apparently preferred his eggs over easy, and Hermione frowned at both the knowledge and the memory of all the scrambled eggs she's prepared for him over the months. But there were other things. After everyone had arrived, she'd happened upon Draco casually talking to Harry and Ginny about Quidditch, leaned on the island like he belonged as he offered respect to Ginny's old team and scorn for Harry's favourite. Talking like old friends. And then there was Scorpius. Fresh from showing off his rehabbed plants to the three Potter children, he was comfortably taking them around a space they had been in more than him, watering cans in tow as he carefully checked each plant and either shook his head or nodded when Al or James asked if it was time to water. Lily stared up at the observing Draco as if he were a tall building, giggling until he finally looked down at her. Then picked her up. But before that, she'd seen Draco showing Scorpius the ingredients closet, letting him see the vials without holding him as he explained what they were. He'd even picked up his son so he could see inside of Tank while she leaned against the doorway, watching two people in a space that had always been private. Hers. A familiar, peculiar feeling twisted and heated up inside Hermione. "What happened?" "Something deeper." Hermione leaned against one of her oldest friends. "I justÉ need some company." And because Harry was exactly who he was, he granted Hermione her wish. He didn't ask. Didn't prod. He just wrapped an arm around her and held on. Together they watched Albus launch his broom and take off to join his mother and brother a safe distance off the ground. Harry's attention was on his family and Hermione's was on Scorpius and Draco, who showed his son how to mount the toy broom by mounting his own. And if her stomach tightened when he took his first flight, Harry only noticed when she tensed and he tightened his grip. Scorpius took to flying like birds taking off from their nest. There was an ease about him as he flew around Draco, and even from where she was sitting, Hermione could see just how proud he was. His smirk slowly became a smile as he tracked Scorpius through the sky. A real one that struck her like a bolt of lightning in darkness. Hermione's heart hesitated when Draco encouraged him to fly higher. But, as Scorpius rose, she helplessly fell harder. October 30, 2011 The Zabini matriarch was a beautiful and elegant woman of intelligence with questionable morals. There was an air of confidence and strength found in the way she moved and smiled. She honed the art of saying all the right things to make people look and clamour to be near her. It wasÑ Incredibly fake. Beneath the smiles and politeness, she was furious at an unbothered Blaise, even after greeting him and Padma with a perfunctory kiss on both cheeks. Mrs Zabini had arrived in town hours before with a group of socialite friends and decided she would host the celebratory dinner. She changed everything: the food to fit her cultivated taste, the wines to pair better with the dishes, and the seating arrangements to suit her guests. Ginny recognised one who used to play Quidditch with her, but Hermione knew no one. Well. Except the social climbing Olivia, who appeared just as surprised to see her. What was supposed to be a laid back dinner morphed into a feast of taste and sound; the mood matched the lavish, well-lit room with baroque style dŽcor, gold themed wallpaper, and towering columns. Pansy's irritation was loud, but Blaise's was deadly. Prompted by the fact that his mother kept calling Padma Mrs Zabini in a mocking tone. "Mother, must you?" Next to him, Padma grimaced slightly at the painfully posh tone he'd taken in her defence. He was ignored. "Imagine my surprise when, in the middle of breakfast, the tapestry starts weaving a new name and picture next to my son's four months early." Her comment was light, but her eyes were hard. "A beautiful story to tell my grandchildren." The collective roar of laughter was dry and hollowÑlittle more than lip service. "Our elopement doesn't change the wedding plans." Padma was placating, painfully polite. "Though we did move the location due to security concerns." "Good to know our Galleons are going to be of such good use for your second wedding." The table fell silent. "I'm certain that you, of all people, can appreciate the appeal of multiple weddings." Blaise leaned back in his chair, eyeing his mother dangerously. "How's father numberÑ" "That's enough," she warned through a smile. "Likewise." The ceasefire was agreed upon with a slight nod. Hermione's wince was no harder than Padma's, and they both exchanged looks before they were split apart due to the seating arrangement. Hermione was mourning the fact that Susan hadn't been able to come. She would have loved the show as much as Ginny, Daphne, and Parvati. Ron and Harry's eyes were wide the entire time, Theo and Percy were observing, Neville was distracted by Luna, who kept looking around the room, and Pansy was seething. One of Mrs Zabini's sycophants changed the subject, but the exchange between mother and son lingered even after a few funny comments that made the table collectively chuckle. "As always, your dinners are divine," Olivia simpered. Which wasn't the word Hermione would have used. Judging from the twitch of Draco's jaw and the outright frown on Ron's face, they both shockingly agreed on something. However trivial. The food wasn't terrible and the wine, while not to her liking, wasn't horrible either. "It's nice to be in the country again," another nameless witch said. "It's so quaint." "We're actually celebratingÑ" Pansy's words were swallowed by a different guest of Mrs Zabini's calling attention to the oak taste underlying in the wine. Before Pansy got louder, she gave her friend a look. It was fine. Hermione didn't need the attention. After the initial bold looks and the same questions everyone had for her as of lateÑthe attack, heroic acts, and how she was doingÑHermione was happy to keep to the background like she preferred. But that wish wasn't granted by the plum dress she wore as the other guests had opted for the lighter end of the autumn palette. The contrast in colours made her stand out for all the reasons she didn't want. "You all should have seen the menu before I put my magical touch on it." "Pansy's choices were equally as lovely, I assure you," Narcissa drawled. Another surprise of the evening? The two matriarchs couldn't stand one another. Mrs Zabini was the only person she had seen who wasn't completely enamoured with Narcissa. The feeling was mutual, which made for a different dynamic and a war of attrition disguised as politeness. Watching them interact with veiled insults and fake pleasantries had been a better way to spend her evening than expected. Judging from the various degrees of amusement on most of their friends' faces, they agreed. "I must say, I am enraptured by the dŽcor in this room." Narcissa's voice had taken on a dramatic flair. "Very chic." Which meant common, and not in a good way. "Thank you. Should you ever host an event of this size in your home, I would love to attend." Mrs Zabini already knew she didn't have a designated space. "You will be the first name on my invitation." On and on it went. Insults were braided between polite smiles and gestures. And while the table, who carried on conversations as normal while keeping an ear out, seemed entertained by the back and forth, there was one person who appeared bored. Draco. By some strange kismet, they were seated next to each other, and twice she'd had to nudge him in the leg when he blatantly ignored all attempts to draw him into conversation. He'd given several dark looks and eyerolls when Mrs Zabini's friends tried to wield their wealth and self-importance, and he'd offered curt responses to their idiotic questions, but that was it. Hermione wasn't surprised. And neither was anyone else. His reputation had preceded him. "Tell me, Narcissa, how have you been? I'm surprised you have time for a dinner party, given how busy you must be this year with your attempts to find Draco a wife." "I make time for things I want to make time for. However, I believe your information is not up to date. Draco has been removed from eligibility." The topic of discussion tensed as every eye except hers shifted to him. Olivia's mouth fell open. "He has decided to take a more modern approach, and I support his decision." Narcissa gave her son a small nod that he returned slowly. Her comment seemed to relax him, but only for a moment. "Wonderful news." Mrs Zabini's smile grew. "I am happy to welcome you to the modern age." Before Narcissa could snap back, Olivia, who had been blinking wildly for a minute now, blurted out, "I remember we had a marriage meeting you kept rescheduling." "Consider it cancelled." Pansy glanced at her nails, then up at Percy, who shook his head. "What? I'm stating the obvious for those who might not understand." Parvati coughed into her wine glass. Hermione and Padma exchanged looks with Ginny and Luna, who was suddenly entertained. It was going to be a long night. Luna smiled brightly. Olivia wasn't sure who to glare at, but she turned her attention to Draco. "So that explains your absence in society as of late. I was looking forward to continuing our conversation." Draco only spoke up after cutting his eyes at Harry when he bit back a laugh. "I have no recollection of a conversation." Unfortunately, the comment prompted an attempt at jogging his memory. "I can understand. I believe the last time I saw you was in June whenÑ" A thought made her pause and look at Hermione. "You were there, too, Hermione Granger." Her eyes narrowed. "And you're here tonight." "So I am." Her smile was thin. "It's been a pleasure to see you again." Hermione didn't mean it. "Will you still participate in the next season, Draco? I've missed seeing you at the events." "I have no reason to attend." "What a shame," Olivia prattled on. "I was looking forward to getting to know you better." The look she gave him was overly flirtatious. Hermione's grip tightened on her fork. "I wasn't aware you knew each other at all." Pansy's snide comment earned her a look from Narcissa, which made her tilt her chin unapologetically. "What? Draco never cared for society and society never cared for him." "That isn't true." Olivia pursed her lips. "Just because you're not welcomed because of your Ñ" "I would choose my next words wisely if I were you." Pansy's voice was cold, and her eyes flickered to Percy as he whispered something in her ear. It only had the effect of slightly lowering her hackles. "I don't know anything about society." Ron shrugged. "Sounds boring." "It can be, but it's the best way to find a match." Olivia smiled at Draco, and Hermione felt her lips pulling down into a frown. "It depends on your place, your status, and your family. Draco Malfoy was guaranteed any witch that met his mother's strict approval. I was on the list. I think we would have made a good match." Hermione tapped her foot impatiently. "Do you evenÑ" "I no longer seek, care for, or need my mother's approval in those matters." Draco's words ended every side conversation. All eyes were on them. Olivia didn't recognise all the signs that pointed to the natural end of the conversation. "Are you courting anyone? Is that why you've been pulled? Sorry for being curious, but it's highly unusual to leave in the middle of the season unless you're courting or engaged. Neither of which I saw news of it inÑ" "And you won't." Draco's face was blank. "Who I court isn't anyone's concern except mine and the woman of my choosing." Daphne smirked into her glass. "That is most peculiar," another guest said, an older witch with silver hair who had decided to join in. "Surely you understand your mother's importance in society and that whoever you choose will directly reflect on her. She will inherit Narcissa's place. I do not think it is wise to not consider your mother's wishes. Your family's reputation has just returned to itsÑ" "I don't believe that's any of your concern." Draco sat up straighter, eyeing the woman. Narcissa cleared her throat. "This is a premature conversation." Actually, it wasn't, but that was none of their business. "Olivia," Narcissa changed the subject smoothly. "How are your parents?" The question led to a shift that lost Hermione's interest. Dinner concluded and dessert startedÑa dish that was so sweet Hermione spent most of the final course picking at it. "This is the best chocolate mousse cake, don't you agree, Hermione Granger?" It was the second time Olivia had said her full name, and her smile was beginning to go stale. "It'sÉ" Hermione trailed off with a single glance at her half-eaten plate. "It's a bit too decadent for my tastes." She made a small, arrogant noise. "I suppose not everyone has such a fine palate. Isn't that right, Draco?" Olivia turned to him, all smiles and batting eyelashes. It was clear she was only insulting Hermione to lure him into conversation. It wasn't working. Draco drank wine he hated instead of commenting. "Even the finest dining can produce unpalatable meals." Hermione placed her fork down. "Also having too exact of a palate can lead to a very dull existence, I think. Versatility is important." "What do you think, Draco?" He looked at Hermione first, then went back to ignoring his dessert and Olivia by starting a conversation with Harry, who looked surprised. "How long have you known Mrs Zabini?" Hermione was genuinely curious. Olivia was the youngest of the guests she'd brought by at least two decades. "A few months now. My father designed robes for her gala in Milan. I hadn't been invited to one of her private dinner parties before, and put my Portkey to the Azores on hold for this impromptu event." "Vacation?" Chatting with Catherine had taught Hermione a little more about small talk. "Yes." Then she looked back to Draco, who was watching his mother locked in another stalemate with Mrs Zabini. "I believe my vacation home is not far from one of the Malfoys' seventeen estates." Hermione only knew of three and one was on fire. "Isn't that right Draco? You all have a home on the Azores, right?" "We do, but I haven't been there since I was a child." "You and Narcissa should visit this time of year. It'sÑ" "Unfortunately, I work and my son has school." "I'm certain you don't need to work." "I assure you that I do." "You can always leave your son behind with his nanny and tutor for a few weeksÑ" "Not an option. I'm not inclined to leave my son behind for frivolous purposes. Besides, I am currently seeking to register him in schoolÑ" "An actual school?" There was a look of horror on Olivia's face. Hermione noticed several others wore the same expression when she looked around. "Surely NarcissaÑ" "My mother is not in charge of his education." Draco's expression was one that dared her to speak another word. "I am." Several other guests still looked perplexed. "I suppose that makes sense if you're planning to marry," Mrs Zabini added. "You'll be able to set the expectations for your wife when she takes over hisÑ" "I have no plans to marry at this time, but should I, there won't be a need to set expectations as I have no intentions of turning his care over to anyone. He is my son and the woman I marry will be my wife. Her role in his life will be just as important. All decisions will be made together." "That's a very progressive way of thinking." Olivia looked impressed. "I'm surprised. The Malfoy family has always been very traditional." "There's nothing wrong with tradition." Hermione surprised herself, looking up only to find a few eyes on her. She glanced at Draco before addressing the others. "I mean some aspects I don't care for at all, but others aren't so bad." Narcissa's head tilted slightly. "By definition, tradition represents all or some components of culture that are passed down." Hermione shifted in her seat. "I think the beauty is that it's fluid and prone to change, but it also serves as a link between the past and present, as well as the hope of connection between the present and the future." "ThatÉ" Narcissa paused and found her words. "That is an interesting way of putting it, Miss Granger." "I've learned a few things in the last few months." "So you have." The conversation around them moved on to shopping in Wizarding Milan. Olivia only stared at Draco, but didn't speak again for the rest of dessert. It wasn't until after the meal had concluded, when they all took to the outdoors for fireworks and further activities under moonlight, that she approached Draco, who looked like he was seriously considering jumping off the veranda. Hermione was talking to a supremely unamused Narcissa, Padma, and Pansy. The latter was sulking while drowning in Percy's jacket. They were all apologetic about the hostile takeover of dinner. "I can't believe she's setting off fireworks. She knows what happened to us andÑ" Padma paused and glanced over to where Blaise was waiting for her. He brought a finger to his lips and tilted his head to the door. They were sneaking out. "Go." Pansy gave her a nudge and they all watched as Blaise snuck her inside. "Hermione, you shouldÑ" "I'll be fine." Or so she thought. "I am still trying to determine what I saw in her." Narcissa was frowning in the direction of Olivia, who was flirting with the side of Draco's face. He didn't look at her once, but Hermione felt her irritation spike. "She is a bit of aÑ" "Social climbing bitch?" Pansy interjected. "You were single-minded about him marrying. The who didn't matter much as long as she was beautiful, from a wealthy family, and had a good reputation in society." "That has always been how matches were made, but perhaps I should have asked for his preferences." Narcissa cringed when Olivia tried to get his attention by laughing too loudly at nothing. "I better go andÑ" "Actually, I had a question for him anyway." Hermione excused herself, drifting to the pair, and ignoring the looks she received. She gathered a few more eyes as she approached. Including Draco's. Olivia didn't notice her presence until Hermione cleared her throat. "Excuse me. I'd like a word with Draco." The interruption wasn't welcomed. "We were talkÑ" Draco stepped back, gestured in the opposite direction, and excused them both with a look. Hermione didn't glance back until they were on the opposite side of the veranda. Olivia was watching them, sulking at Blaise's mother's side. They were far enough away that conversation from the gathered group blurred into a single sound she couldn't pick up. "What did you need?" Draco leaned back against the marble railing, folding his arms. "Nothing. You looked like you needed rescuing before she got too familiar." Hermione rolled her eyes. "You know, she called herself the Future Mrs Malfoy when I met her." "Interesting." "Do you really not remember her?" "I do," he admitted. "But I'm a bit of aÑ" "Bastard?" Hermione shook her head in amusement. "I'd say it's horrible of you to wound her ego like that, but I never liked how presumptuous she was. Future Mrs Malfoy?" She scoffed. "What anÑ" "Granger." He paused and studied her for a moment as his smirk grew wider. "Are you jealous?" "No." Not jealous, per se, butÑwell, each interaction decreased her tolerance for Olivia. Draco's eyebrow rose, but he said nothing more. Minutes passed in silence as they observed everyone from where they stood. It was a littleÑ The thought didn't fully form before Draco draped his jacket over her shoulders. "Thank you." He only nodded in response and she found herself lulled into silence from his warmth. And maybe his scent, too, but Hermione kept that to herself. "That was a change in stance for you about tradition." Draco's voice was close to her ear. "Not so much a change as growth, which just so happens to occur when one learns instead of assumes." "Hmm." He didn't move and she nearly squirmed, torn between putting space between them and leaning closer. "It doesn't appear this evening has gone according to Pansy and my mother's plan." "No, it hasn't, but I don't mind." Hermione looked down. "I celebrated my birthday exactly as I wished." Maybe it hadn't been an official celebration, but her day out with him and Scorpius was all the celebration she needed. Hermione touched the locket she wore tonight, startling slightly when Draco whispered a silencing charm in her ear. His finger curled under her chin as he lifted her head to the sky just before the fireworks started. Together they watched a silent symphony of colour and light. The late night air was heavy and stiff, thick with a gloom that reminded her of an inevitable storm. Except there wasn't a cloud in the sky. The best way to describe the atmosphere was charged with an electric expectancy. Hermione let the sound and energy wash over her as she stood at the water's edge, her home serving as the only source of light, taking in nothing and seeing everything. The whistling winds. The rush of water along the bank of the stream. The rustling of the leaves from the forest. Birds chirping. And the hum of various critters in the lonely night. There was no moon visible in the sky to cast its ominous glow over everything. But, beside her, Draco cast one of his own. It was time. He took her hand and they walked a familiar path through the darkness. The contrast from the cool night to the warm greenhouse had Draco shedding layers and rolling his sleeves while she ventured farther in. She was transfixed by how full and green everything was, how healthy, all while flowering and growing outside of season. Even the stubborn dittany was thriving. She had the urge to expand, but kept it at bay. Bigger meant more responsibility. More time. A commitment. "I'm torn." Draco's words pierced the silence. "I always am when it comes to you." "Torn between what?" "Coming closer and backing away." Hermione turned, despite all signs to look ahead. At the foot of the almond tree, they faced each other, close but distant. As always, he watched, but there was something in his eyes that felt dangerous; it both warned her away and lured her in. It seemed they were the same in that regard. Trepidation beat to the pounding rhythm of her heart. Fear etched itself in her actions. "Is that why you've beenÑ" "Partly." Draco took a step towards her and she did the same. "I told you I was nearly ready three months ago, that I was patient, but in the last month IÑit feels like a whiplash even I wasn't prepared for. IÑnever mind." "No." Hermione shook her head. "We have to talk about this." "I don't think you want that." Grey eyes looked off to the side before returning to hers. His face held a warning to tread lightly. So she did. Somewhat. "I think we're at a place where we can be honest with each other. So, I'll start by saying that I think you're upset by my comment, but I do like where we are right now. We're talking and spending time together. We're getting to know each other on a different level thaÑ" "I've told you more than anyone else, and sometimes I still don't think you understand me." The urge to charge forward and argue her point was only tempered by what she knew about him. "You're right and that points to my feelings about how we are now. We're learning each other." They were, much more than they had been. "You keep things from me, Draco, and there's so much you don't like talking about. Like finding me, for starters. I respect your silence because I know why it exists. I know it was traumatising for you." "It was, but I'm handling it. I'll admit that IÑ" Draco struggled for a moment then recovered. His hands ghosted the curves of her dress but ultimately retreated. "I'll admit the incident has a lot to do with my changing stance on us." Hermione frowned. "Changing staÑ" "I want you." The quiet ferocity in three words stopped her heart. "If you don't know this already, I'm not sure how many ways I have to say it or what I have to do to show my intent." Draco ran a frustrated hand in his hair. "I'm a fool because you clearly don't know what you want or how you feel." "IÑI know exactly how I feel about you, how quickly I've gotten to this point, and I'm trying not to be rash. It's everything outside of how I feel about you that's complicated." "I know that." "We have to think about Scorpius. If this doesn't workÑ" "Regardless of what happens, you've always kept his best interest in mind." "And I always will butÑ" "I heard what he called you in your memory." Hermione took a deep breath. She had been preparing for this moment. "I had no idea that was his name for me, but he's not confusing me with Astoria. He just sees me as a mother figure. There's a difference between being a mother figure and stepping into that role on a more permanent basis. There's more for me to consider, for you to consider. We need to know what he thinks and how he feels." "You're right." "There's also the fact that your mother is my patient, medical leave asideÑ" "I'm not accepting that excuse. I told you we'd cross that bridge when we got there." "We crossed that bridge in September in an ornate chair." She held her breath but Draco said nothing. "Injury aside, I have a job, a career, and a dutyÑ" "I have my own duties. In fact, you were the one who reminded me of them." "Failure for us isn't an option, and the list of expectations is high. Not just for us to succeed, but your mother'sÑ" "In some aspects, I would be fulfilling them." Hermione shifted her weight and looked away. "I'm not asking for your hand in marriage today, Granger, I'm asking you to weigh all these points and make a decision about us. I know what I want and what I do know is that I need someone who is certain. Who, after assessing the risks, thinks that I'mÑ" Worth it. Draco looked away and never finished. "I recognise it's not fair to have this conversation right now. It's been three months since I told you I was patient, one of which you've been focused on recovery. It's why I've been quiet, but you kept pushing for answers." "I only pushed because you've been distant and frustrated." "More with myself than you. I miscalculated my own patience." His fingertips scraped against hers. Resolve was found once again in a man who was quietly asking to be heard. "I'm ready." Hermione took several measured breaths in the silence that followed his declaration. "And a selfish moment has made me greedy." He released her hand. "I thought I could do this, I thought I could continue on like this, but I can't when I want more. Everything. I'm willing to give it. I deserve it and I won't accept less, but you're not ready to give it, and I'm ÑI'm not sure if you can." Hermione turned the words over and over in her head, not looking at him, but past him as she calculated risk versus reward in the following second. The risk was almost too great, but the reward wasÉ complicated. Unknown. "We could try." Draco's jaw was set stern. "Don't bullshit me, Granger. It's insulting." "I'm not sure what else to do or say." Her chest tightened. "I just don't wantÑ" "I don't want your attempts if you're not decided. I don't want you to placate me. I don't want you to play a role." The words burned. "You wanted honesty, and this is it." Draco was so close she could see his chest rise and fall with each breath. "You don't have the space for us yet, not the way I want, at least. Not the way I need. I'd rather you come to your own conclusions than to pull you along. I don't want to be a guess or a decision you make because you like where we are now. I know you well enough to know that if you say yes, it's at my behest and this decision has to be yours and yours alone. I want to be a choice. Your choice." "You are." Hermione reached for his hand. "It's just. You're asking for everything and IÑI'm allowed to think about it. I'm allowed to be afraid. I'm allowed to not be ready to make such a drastic change when I'm barely grasping scraps of normality as it is. You're giving me an ultimatum." "This isn't an ultimatum. Even if you said you were ready right now I wouldn't believe you. I've learned you need time and space. And I'm giving it to you." He squeezed her hand and let go again. "I'm laying down my hand and stepping back. I'm not coming any closer until you decide." Which shut Hermione up. "IÑ" Draco ran a hand through his hair. "I'd take everything as it is right now, like this, but I can't live another ten years wondering ifÑ" "Draco, that's notÑ" "I had three tasks." He paused for breath. "I was supposed to finish handling the threat against my family, eventually bury my mother, and raise my son. That was my future. Alone. I was fine not knowing the potential of what I could have, what we could have, but now I do and I want it enough to let you sort yourself out first." Hermione began to reach for him again and fell short. Once. Twice. Three times before resting her hands on his arms, ignoring the pain. Draco's attention settled heavily on her. "I'm notÑ" Hermione took a brave breath, voice thick with emotions as tears rolled down her cheeks. "This is more than attraction. It's real." A lifetime of emotions wedged in just a few months. Draco moved, but not in the way she thought he would. Instead of retreating, he loomed closer, cupping her face in a way that made her hands fall limp. There was a moment when she saw beneath the vulnerability in his words and into the place she had been trying to find all along. The core of who he was. There, she truly saw Draco Malfoy, and the man he was becoming right before her eyes. "You're not ready." His thumb stroked her cheek, wiping her tears, and all she could feel was her heart burning to ash. "I wish you were, butÑ" "I can be." "I'm not forcing you to be sure. You were right when you said that by making Scorpius a priority, I would have to make myself one as well." And this was his first act. His decision. Nothing she could say would change his mind. Not tonight. And though the words to stop him were fresh on her lips, Hermione kept her love close rather than giving voice to a thought her own hesitation and denial every step of the way wouldn't let him believe. Not yet. She touched his face and quietly acknowledged they had never been nothing. For there to be nothing, there had to have existed traces of something from which the null could grow. They were well past something. The starting point. The truth of what they were was wedged in the everything between the spark and containment. Silence stretched from one beat to the next before Hermione gave a silent nod and kissed him. There it was. That dangerous urge to speak her heart and melt into the shadows with him. But in that moment, all she could do was pour every unspoken emotion into her kiss. They held each other tight, drinking each other in. One last breath before they went under. It was urgent and organic. Honest acknowledgement of the depth and breadth passed back and forth with each breath. Need. Want. Warmth and emotion. So much of it she could barely see, but Hermione didn't care, she barely noticed, leaning into him and hugging him close in preparation to give Draco the space he needed. As well as steeling herself for her own task. His message had been loud and clear. Everything. Draco pulled away. The wall he'd been building was visible behind his eyes and stronger than ever. When he left, the cold set in. Go bravely. Go deeply - Or do not go. Komuha Chapter End Notes This week on callbacks and how Ina has been waiting for 18 chapters to make one from Hermione's conversation with Neville in Chapter 15: "You laugh now, but one day, you're going to meet someone and they're going to want more of you than you're used to sharing." ///"They're going to want it all: the good, bad, brilliant, and ugly. You'll be faced with a decision between forcing them out or letting them in."/// "I'm curious to see what you'll choose." Also: I had a lot of people really pissed that Hermione didn't tell him she loved him after 2 months and 25 days (the length of time between the Patient Man talk in chapter 23 to post-wedding shenanigans in chapter 32) and 3 weeks into trying to put her life back together after nearly dying. Merp. Impulsive, a 32 year old Hermione who has been single and independent for years is not. She has been careful this entire story, a logical thinker, (except for her emotional/anger outbursts and all things Scorpius related). She is not going to be impulsive about anything long term decisions. Lots of words, but the timeline is very compact due to highlighting several scenes and interactions. I use the dates to show how little time has passed for them, how quickly they progress, and while relationships are fully capable of moving fast.... theirs is actually moving quickly. A bit of a whirlwind given all the externals and we're still within the first year of Draco becoming a widower. Anywho, hope you enjoyed Draco speaking his peace, putting himself as a priority, laying it all out very openly, and stepping back. Her move now. Art for this chapter: Harry & Hermione on the Couch by bookloverdream-blessedindeed & Scorpius on a Broom by hpdrdontknow & Draco & Scorp Quidditch Lesson by pollux_ & Quidditch Kit Draco by bookloverdream-blessedindeed & Draco & Hermione Watching Fireworks by Oukyn & Astoria & Theo by bookloverdream-blessedindeed & Imagining of Draco Working on Translations by ectoheart Chapter 34: Eurydice Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Thirty Four Eurydice October 31, 2011 Her old friend's arrival was expected, albeit slow. Restlessness. Its vengeance knew no mercy. Too tired to sleep, too anxious to pace, Hermione laid in a bed that no longer felt like hers. Smaller. Darkness stretched in all directionsÑthick like a heavy smoke. It was suffocating, sparing nothing and engulfing everything. Silence lingered in her ears as she tossed, and painted shadows on her eyelids as she turned. Masking the walls and designing the void, the quiet of her mind created everything out of nothing. But then she turned on the light. Hermione felt herself grow and stretch too large for her own body while looking around the space that was once a fortress of comfort and finding it no longer was. Nothing would ever be the same. She was torn between grieving the loss and being grateful for the change. Like a lost soul, Hermione wandered from room to room. Thinking while running a finger over the spines of her research books. Ruminating while sitting on the stool in her kitchen. Reorganising everything but changing nothing. Calling forth memories as she touched the dry leaves of the hanging herbÑpart of a gift for the little boy who loved them dearly. Each one, new and old, drove her out to the conservatory, where she scanned the heavens in search of peace. Beautiful as always, the stars were silent. Empty. No comfort found. The crescent moon yielded the same reserve. Hermione looked down when she found nothing to ground her. She could feel every sensationÑfingers tingling, hand throbbing, muscles aching, head pounding. Draco's words and the question that refused to be ignored reverberated like the steady beat of a drum. What do you want? Those little whispered words reminded her of the gravity of each moment, of the choice Draco had given her, and the duty she owed to herself and them to sort her own demons. But every time Hermione took a step in the direction of an answer, she was brought face to face with the anxieties that plagued her. Hermione couldn't undo what had been done or what had been said, but the what ifs filled her lungs and squeezed her heart, making it harder to breathe with each punch of her pulse. It tore her apart. Her head and heart were at war again, and the walls were closing in on all sidesÑslowly but steadily moving to crush her, to make her scream. Heavy eyes fluttered shut and Hermione hoped they would remain that way, but that would have been too easy. There was no escape. Impossible to move or sit still, she watched night turn into dawn before wandering back inside. A curl of steam rose from a cup of tea waiting for her. Hibiscus. Bold. Vibrant. Alive. If her hands shook as she picked it up, or a residual tear slipped down her cheek as she inhaled the scent of berries and earth, there was no one there to judge her for it. Or for how something as simple as Draco's steadfastness in the form of tea released just a fraction of the tightness in her chest. Like last time, each sip called forth thoughts of its maker and what she needed to do. Her task. What she needed to find. The act of wandering without direction wasn't the most solid plan Hermione had ever come up with. It made matters worse, but she was aimless and roaming for something that had been lost to her, too. True calm. Peace. Hermione set out to find it. Unable to Apparate, she stepped into the floo and out in front of a confused Dean. Halia was with his mum, Daphne was still asleep, and he never probed when she asked him for a favour while Cheddar coiled around her ankles. He merely grabbed his car keys. "Where do you need to go?" The first trip took her to a familiar place. Her parents' home. It was a move as instinctive as birds flying south for the winter. Home in every literal sense of the word, it was where she was born and raised, and she'd kept it up for years before their return. The longing in her bones for steady words from her father was tangible. Being so close should have pushed her to move, but Hermione remained rooted to the spot and lost her nerve. This was her parents' home, its contents full of memories of a better time, but it was no longer her home. Hermione hadn't brought the utensils needed to properly dress the wound in the shape of her mother, and despite needing them both, she wasn't ready. Not yet, at least. The scars on her heart were still fresh. "Not here?" Dean had joined her beside the gate at some point during her reverie. "No." "Then where?" The second stop was to Harry and Ginny's, but Hermione never even got out of the car. She inhaled and rested her head against the seat. "Sorry for wasting your time." "You're not. Just ride." Dean put the car in gear. "I think I know a place." They walked aimlessly through the park until she got tired and found a spot under the tree where they could watch people jog and walk. It was a crisp morning, and autumn had a firm grip on everything. The well-beaten path had taken them on a picturesque journey during sunrise, but what she was looking for wasn't there either. The only things she found were memories of her many walks with Draco over the last few months, their conversation and debates, the edgy ease she felt in his presence, and a painful reminder of how contradictory her feelings for him had always been. Though the world around her was calm, and people were passing her by, a nameless face in the crowd, Hermione's emotions were still brewing. Restlessness had followed her here. Great. When they returned back to where they'd started their journey, and Hermione waved goodbye to Dean, instead of resuming her organising and cleaning efforts, she grabbed a fistful of powder. On instinct, she closed her eyes, exhaled, and called the first place she could think of. The destination wasn't what she expected. Hermione nearly changed her mind on principle, hesitating twice, but just when she was about to grab another handful of Floo powder, Kingsley appeared in front of the fireplace, dressed in preparation to care for the bees. "Do you plan to stay there all morning?" Despite his casual tone, concern was etched in his features. Understandable. She knew what she looked like. An exhausted mess with wild hair on the brink of a breakdown. She hadn't slept. Couldn't. Caught in the crossfire of her head and heart, she was left with a headache and heavy, tired limbs. "I don't want to intrude. I'll justÑ" "Stay." Kingsley drew her from the fireplace with an offered hand. "You're always welcomed here, Hermione. You know this." "It's too early." But Hermione accepted and allowed him to help her out. "I was justÑ" "Coming over." It was more of an order than an invitation. "For breakfast." "I'm notÑ" "So wonderful for you to drop by." His look was pointed yet gentle. Austere, in a way. "I was in need of company." Kingsley's cottage was always warm and inviting. A slight weight was lifted off her shoulders when she sat at the table while he prepared breakfast. Naturally, her focus drifted around the room to all the things that were the same, then zeroed in on the one thing that wasn't. There were two teacups already on the tableÑone still warm and the other half empty. Suspicion sparked like wildfire. "I'm not the first visitor you've had today." "No, you aren't." He looked up from adding salt and pepper to the eggs, making a small content sound before returning to his task. She had several questions, ones she thought about asking, but she lacked the energy necessary to pry. Breakfast was spinach omelettes with cheese and toast. It was always intriguing to watch him cook. He never measured out anythingÑall experience and intuition. It was inspiring enough to make Hermione want to help in order to learn the talent, but she remained still. Restless with barely enough dexterity to crack eggs without magic. As always, the food was delicious, but Hermione barely tasted it, deep in thoughts that had nothing to do with her current surroundings. Kingsley enjoyed his meal quietly, casting glances at her every so often as if waiting for her to make the decision to speak, but Hermione never did. When he finished cleaning the dishes, he returned with a fresh cup of tea for them both. Peppermint. Plain as she preferred, she didn't mind the bitterness, but it still wasn't right. She added a spoonful of honey and a squeeze of lemon, then spent the lengthening silence wondering why. Kingsley drank tea while radiating peace and power and rest. Nothing was required of Hermione except to relax without the need to fill the room with chatter. The longer it stretched, the more it transformed into a balm that eased her weary mind. By the time he suggested they venture outside with a second cup, she was agreeable. The air was more cold than cool today, but a thoughtful warming charm made her cast Kingsley an appreciative look before turning to the sight beyond his cottage. Autumn turned the world into various shades of red and yellow. The clouds were thin enough that the vague outline of the sun was visible. It should have felt more ominous, with the scent of rain in the air, but all Hermione could focus on was the sight. Different from her own outside her home or even the Malfoys', it was a reminder that seasons held a different magnificence in each location. "You are far quieter than usual." Kingsley joined her at the railing. "How was the meal?" "Lovely as always." Hermione focused on the warm cup in her hand, the wisp of steam, and the barest hint of its scent. "And what did you learn from it?" Hermione opened her mouth to answer, then shut it. "I didn't think about it at all." "The most important lesson of all. Sometimes, it is important to think things through, but sometimes it's equally as important to just be. You can't know the outcome." The statement gave her pause. "How is it that you know exactly what's wrong every time?" "I don't." Kingsley sipped his tea. "I only know that you seem heavier today, and restless, which is generally a sign that you're overthinking." "I am." Bringing her other hand to the cup for added warmth, she let it fall to the side with a sigh after realising it was far too stiff to open. "I know I am, but I can't stop." "Take back control of your thoughts, Hermione. It's the key to feeling peaceful again. Or you'll drown yourself in your worries." "I'm already drowning." Brittle and forced, her chuckle was hollow. "I believe that's why you're here. You're looking for something." Kingsley turned from watching the bees. There was a knowing look in his eyes that felt deeper than sight. "Guidance, perhaps." Hermione brought the cup to her lips but not before inhaling. Peppermint reminded her of the balm Draco rubbed on her for weeks after her attack, the memory of Scorpius holding it in front of the floo not knowing if she would return, and the different blends and combinations she'd had steeped and flavoured to her liking. And Draco's second note. Bring more honey. "If I'm troubled, I visit the bees and work. They are a comfort to me." "What are you troubled about? I very rarely see you rattled." "Human nature doesn't allow for perfection, and thus, I am capable of worrying, amongst other things. It's natural, especially when it concerns the future." Kingsley rested a comforting hand on her shoulder. "Exiting one phase of life and entering another is not easy, and often we want the transition to be perfect, but that's not possible, which makes us worry further because we want to try and make a preventive strike on situations." The impact of his words almost made Hermione drop her teacup. She clutched it tighter. "I've spent a fair amount of time in deep contemplation over this upcoming choice." The significance of his moment of vulnerability wasn't lost on her. "It is hard to find a balance between being a good leader and adhering to my own moral compass. I feel as though I'm always weighing one against the other. It is not an easy position to be in because I do not carry duty lightly. Tough decisions will need to be made eventually, and sometimes they will be unpopular." "But tough decisions don't equal ruthlessness." "No, they don't." The sigh that escaped was so faint she nearly missed it. "But that is an important thing that many leaders forget. It is easier to be feared than loved, but fear is not often a good motivator." "Respect is." Hermione finished her tea and placed the cup on the saucer. "I'm more likely to respond accordingly if I have respect for them." "Respect takes time to build." He wasn't wrong. "Any way I look at it, regardless of what happens with Percy's investigation into Tiberius, I would need to act accordingly and bring everything together quickly to stop history from repeating itself. We do not need another power vacuum. But I refuse to let fear be that motivator." "I don't think it would be. Everyone respects you enough to follow. I believe it's the role of your advisors to assist in that respect. Have you chosen?" "No, I haven't. I am taking the opportunity to get to know everyone. I expect I'll be asked to make a decision soon, but I'm not entertaining candidate options now with so much chatter on the subject." That was true, Draco had mentioned it during one of their nightly talks, and it brought to mind another question. She placed her teacup on the table and returned to his side. A thoughtful moment passed before she finally asked a question that had been in her heart for what felt like forever. "How do you make decisions with far-reaching effects without overthinking, without walking through each scenario or turning it over in your head?" "Interesting question." Kingsley blew a breath and his teacup left his hand, floating in front of him. "Making decisions isn't your issue, Hermione. Your indecision exists because you ponder every aspect of the choice, which takes time. This is why you file decisions away for a time when you have enough. But you never do." "That's what I've always done." "That isn't the issue, but the extent that you do it is. You don't let yourself follow the natural course of your thoughts. You compartmentalise. You put off everything until it's out of control and you're standing in front of a mountain that was once a hill." Which was what she'd done with Draco. Put it off. Thought it over in sections. And nowÉ "Talk to me." Genuine interest creased Kingsley's features and she was lulled into honesty by the concern evident in his next question. "What's troubling you, Hermione?" "I have a task." She took to staring at the evergreen forest in the distance to articulate her problems. "Something delicate." "Emotional, then." "Yes, but it's all a mess. My head and my heart fight all the time." On edge, she was vulnerable and susceptible to anything during her desperate search for peace. "It's exhausting. I'm exhausted. I've not slept, and I keep trying to intellectualise this, butÑ" "An age-old battle: the head versus the heart. Logic versus impulse. In the battle of wills, everyone forgets about the third party. The gut. Instinct. What do you want?" Every aspect of her life was locked in orbit around that singular question. "Think with your head. React with your heart. Listen to your gut." Running her finger along the railing, she sighed. "My gut doesn't know." "It does, but you don't speak its language." Kingsley's dark eyes turned more probing, albeit still gentle. Hard to understand how he managed it, or how he made her feel calm and safe when they were approaching the most fragile place in her heart. "Or perhaps you don't want to because then you'll have to decide, and when you decide, you'll have to commit to that decision. Have you considered that maybe that's what terrifies you?" Hermione couldn't dodge the direct hit. "I've known you for a long time. You don't move impulsively, but perhaps it is out of a certain fear you've never dealt with: failure." The word meant different things in different situations. Not an issue in some, but critical in others. Failure with Draco would create a ripple effect in every direction, and eventually spiral out of her control. Scorpius would take the biggest brunt of it, and that was hard to reconcile. "We were not born fearing failure." Kingsley's comment drew her attention from the troubling thoughts. "If we were, humans would still be crawling because we would have been too afraid to walk." "There's a lot at stake." "There always is, but that's not why you fear it. You're afraid of what your failures may say about you. When every step you take can lead to what you identify as your worst case scenario, you weigh each move with such scrutiny that you barely advance at all." "YouÑyou're right." Hermione worried her bottom lip with her teeth, looking off in the distance, trying to hold herself together. "I understand your struggles, but also understand that you have to decide what you're willing to sacrifice, and to do that, you're going to have to reconcile your own feelings. Sort through your emotions. Without thinking, tell me how you feel." "Lost. Torn." Tears gathered at the corners of her eyes. "Weary." "Are you all of those things because of your task?" Kingsley leaned a fraction closer. "Or because you've already found the answer you're looking for and you're scared of what will change as a result?" "IÉ" Hermione didn't have an answer. "I don't know. I've been standing still and looking for true calm." "You will look forever without realising it's not found in any particular place. There's not one spot in the world where it's located or one person you can find it in." A steady hand sat heavily on her back. "True calm is a choice you make by deciding not to let your fears keep you stagnant. Standing still is okay until you're ready to move. I think you're ready, or you wouldn't be wrestling this so hard, but you have to decide for yourself." She inhaled until she had no room for air, then released it all in a single breath that left her lightheaded. "Sorry, my emotions are all over the place." "Even in the best of times, emotions are tricky and hard to name. They masquerade as one another, they come and go, and they mutate like wisps in the wind." "I don't understand." "Ask anger what its name is, and it may tell you that it's fear. Ask fear to identify itself, and it may tell you its name is hate or sadness. It might even tell you that it's love." Hermione closed her eyes at the word trying to ease the growing pressure in her chest. "It's all relative. Sometimes emotions blur the lines between reality and belief." "It's not that I don't feel anything, it'sÑit's been slowly consuming me since I put a name to it. I've been in love before, that was easy, but this time I'm floundering." "I've never heard love described as easy. What if it were wearing a different mask before?" Kingsley chuckled ruefully. "Perhaps this is why you're struggling." "Why do you say that?" "Of all the emotions, love is not easy. It is natural, though you have to learn and differentiate its shape depending on each person. It's a fight. A conscious choice that requires constant effort." Kingsley paused as the weight of his words settled around them. "Love may not always be kind, but it is forgiving. Let it serve as your guide." "IÑ" Hermione swallowed the emotions that were clawing up her throat as she batted away tears before they could fall. "There's always a chance for error." "The learning process is riddled with them." "But the ramificationsÉ" "The stakes only grow higher the longer you stall. As much as you abhor them, mistakes are a part of life and a source of strength. If you learn something from an experience, can you ever really call it a mistake?" "IÑI can't say." "The only way you truly fail anything is if you quit, or worse, if you don't even try." Hermione stewed in silence, thoughts still swirling as tears kept welling from a spring he'd tapped during their conversation. For a few minutes, she remained perfectly still, eyes shut, tears still falling as she considered every word he'd said, mixed them with what Draco had said last night, and waited for her breathing to settle. "As you know, the beekeeping uniform is hanging in the closet in the guest room. Let the bees help you marinate with your thoughts." Twenty minutes later, Hermione was doing just that. Walking beside Kingsley as he worked, she took direction and completed each task he asked of her. Each one tested the new strength she found in her left hand. The buzzing muted the part of her mind that wanted to analyse the last four months and the part that wanted to bury it all and move. The sound was lulling, the tasks provided her with the usefulness she needed to feel, and the concentration it demanded settled her thoughts. Time helped her prepare herself. Breathe. Kingsley checked for mites, and made certain each hive was secured for winter, as there would be a drop in temperature in the next few days. He made certain all the charms were set in place, and refreshed each hive's stores of sugar water. Hermione checked the garden, studying the winter plants alongside the summer plants that had long since gone dormant. While she worked, Hermione noticed something out of the ordinary from her last visit. "You're missing a hive." "I am." He continued working, but waved her over. "A weaker hive lost its queen this summer. I considered a new queen, but I doubted she would produce enough eggs in time for them to survive the winter together." "What did you do?" "The best way to enhance the bee colony is to optimise each hive. This one was weak, so I combined it with a stronger hive that needed more workers. Now, there is balance." He touched the top of the pod, looking satisfied. "Now, they are thriving as one." Hermione couldn't help but apply the concept to her own situation. "How did you know that it would work and the new bees would mix with the existing bees?" "Call it a leap of faith, but in the end, they all need each other. Survival will always win." Hermione remained quiet. "It's not easy to reconcile with the idea that you're missing something, that you need something more. You have more needs than you're willing to consider or openly admit. And you aren't used to tending to your own needs. But maybe now is the time." "It's something I've known for a long time, but never had the opportunity to deal with it." "You've had opportunities, Hermione, but you haven't been pushed to truly tackle the issue before. You've never had someone rattle you out of your senses, someone who makes you step outside of your well-oiled machine and realise there could be flaws in the design." "If you noticed the flaws, why didn't you say something?" "It's always best when self-actualisation is natural and not forced. It's also not my place." He was right. "So how do I fix the errors? How do I combine these two hives into one?" "You decide if you want to survive or die in the winter's frost. And when you choose survival Ñit is instinct, after allÑyou determine what tools you need to thrive." "That doesn't sound easy at all." "It's not, but before I joined these hives, I made space for what they may need. I made room." Hermione looked to the sky that was more white than blue. "We become wiser through mistakes, just as we find strength we never knew we had in the support of another person. You think of it as having to start over, but you aren't. You're expanding, rebuilding, and reorienting your path. I told you months ago that it's okay to be afraid, but what isn't okay is letting that fear stop you." She remembered when he'd said those words. Back in March before any of this began. But unlike then, now his sentiment permeated her skin and sank to the core of her heart. "I kÑI'm used to being alone. I haven't had to make room for anyone in a very long time. Do I even know how?" "That's where the other half comes in, and you two work together to create a space that is neither his nor yours, but something you both share. Then you fill it. You're not alone in any of this. DracoÑ" "How did you know?" "It's been intriguing to watch what little I've seen." Kingsley walked on and she followed. "I would speak of your love for his son extending to him, but it came down to the fact that you wanted one thing in my return to the Ministry. Your only request was not for yourself at all, it was for him. I knew then what you seem to have only recently realised." At a loss for words, Hermione froze and brought her gloved hands to her chest. He turned around. "You are not the only one who seeks guidance. You aren't the only one who struggles with how fast this is all happening. The two of youÉ" Kingsley shook his head ruefully as the corners of his mouth twitched in faint amusement. "I look forward to seeing you two together. Truly together. It will be dynamic, with highs and lows, but I believe happiness and the type of intimate relationship he craves will open Draco up to a life of new possibilities and choices he's never been allowed to make. And you will, at long last, understand that letting people in isn't sacrificing your independence, it's allowing yourself a pillar and a source of support. You already know where you're going, Hermione. And I think that's why it all feels so out of your control." "IÉ" Her hand went to the compass around her neck. "Draco paces when he speaks of his exasperation and how maddening you are, but he is quiet with affection he often struggles to put into words. He is also humbled by everything you've done for his family and sometimes a little jealous about your relationship with Scorpius. Beneath his silence, I sense his unspoken worries and fears for you both and the unknown ahead, but also his dedication to becoming a better man. His determination." Hermione stared at him, heart hammering beneath her hands. "Ask any of those emotions to identify themselves, and what do you think they'll say their name is?" Love. The priceless sight of three screaming and laughing children running between two tentsÑor waddling in Albus the Penguin's caseÑwas made better by the abject horror on Narcissa Malfoy's face. Albus was hitting his brother with his wing, Lily was pinching Albus, who was all but dragging her around, and James was trying to handcuff his siblings together. For a second, she looked as if her entire world was collapsing in on itself. Her face shuffled through emotions and reactions, mouth opening and closing. But then she turned and dusted her hands. "Not my concern." Narcissa patted her coiffed hair, smoothed her maroon robes, and allowed the chaos to continue uninterrupted until Luna came out of the second tent and lured the children like pirates witnessing a siren's song. While dressed as a butterfly. The tent extravaganza was equipped to host thirty children instead of the three and an infant. One tent was full of every candy imaginable, spelled to dance around while the children tried to catch handfuls of the treats at a time. The other was a 'haunted house' featuring Luna, who had forgotten the theme and turned it into a discotheque with kid-friendly music and colourful fairy lights. The last time Hermione had gone in, she was showing them what looked like a Beltane dance. Halia was strapped to her chest, dressed adorably like a purple crayon and smiling around the fist in her mouth while cooing loudly at being bounced around. A strange sight, but the children loved it. Even Scorpius, who was dressed as Mint with the addition of a bright red bowtie. Less interested in dancing wildly with Luna, he gravitated towards Neville, who was dressed as the Whomping Willow to teach the children not to fear nature. The only time Hermione heard Scorpius' laughter above the music was when Neville spelled the branches of his costume to pick him up. "I see my grandson has picked up his father's predilection for heights." Hermione hadn't noticed Narcissa join her on the blanket. "It appears so." They watched in silence for a few long moments. "You look exhausted." Narcissa didn't ask for permission before taking her hand. Still too early to tell the potency of her new potion, she could recognise today was a good day. Minimal tremors provided the dexterity needed to massage Hermione's hand open. "Did you sleep?" "Not much." "Perhaps insomnia is contagious." Hermione trained her features to stay neutral, swallowing back the acid in her throat. Knowing icy blue eyes were watching her every move, she nodded from time to time, uttering random responses without much sense. Tension kept her shoulders hunched. If Narcissa noticed, she kept it to herself, only arching her brow in the tactful way she'd learned to bear her silence. "Miss Granger, I could not help but notice that you spent the night at your home." The observation was accompanied by a careful expression. "I cannot force you to stay here, but I would prefer that you not make it a habit to stay home until you are further along in the healing process. Come, let me braid your hair." Narcissa left no room for the arguments Hermione was too tired to give. Half an hour later, she was showered and changed, sitting at the vanity while Narcissa worked slowly and hummed a familiar tune that never failed to make Andromeda emotional. Normally quiet, today curiosity made Hermione speak. "What song are you humming?" "Oh." Confusion swept across Narcissa's features. "I do not recall. IÑ" "It has no words." Andromeda announced her presence from the doorway wearing a familiar, wistful look. "It's a tune our mother made up but hummed constantly while braiding our hair. Cissa first, because she was the youngest, Bella second, because she was bitterly impatient, and me last. But I never cared to have my hair braided." Always different, even then. "Mother would force you to sit each time." Narcissa chuckled as she finished up Hermione's braid, tsking at the curly wisps that escaped. "I am surprised you wear it braided now, or that you even know how to braid." "And I'm surprised you don't." "It is not proper." "Even before I ran away, I never cared for propriety." Andromeda shrugged. "But sometimes nurture wins over nature, and nostalgia was a good teacher, so I learned. NymphadoraÑ" She brought her hand to her mouth, swaying as if rocked by the memory of her lost daughter. Grief was sneaky. Like a thief, it waited for moments when it felt comfortable to talk about them, or even feel happy before jabbing in the knife. Andromeda bore the wound with grace, smiling through her tears. "I suppose she inherited her hatred of French braids from me." Through the mirror, Hermione watched Narcissa turn to her sister and reach for her, but hesitate in the end. She remained quiet. They all did. The silence lasted long enough for Narcissa to change her mind and approach her sister, hugging her close. "I did not know her or your husband, but I am sorry for your loss." "We both have lost, and it will stay with us forever, but we shouldn't waste time on nostalgia, especially whenÉ" I will lose you, too. Understanding her unspoken words, Narcissa pulled back and entwined their hands slowly. "I find myself missing the years we spent apart and the ones we will not have together, but I am grateful that you are here now, and for the memories we can make. I know it is not much, and it cannot make up for the yearsÑ" Andromeda scoffed, a tear escaping her eye. "You know I don't care about that, Cissa." "I do, but it needs to be said before I cannot." She lowered her head and tensed, suddenly realising they weren't alone. "You may go, Miss Granger." Hermione didn't move. "For what it's worth." She kept her eyes on Narcissa, open and truthful. "I'm happy I took your case. Happy that all of our discussions and arguments have brought us to this point of understanding. I'm happy to know you, and plan to see you through this in any capacity. Just as you have for me." Narcissa brought a hand on her necklace and cleared her throat. "Come now, Miss Granger." A slow smile curled her lips when Andromeda tightened her hold on the hand that still linked them. "You are far too sentimental on a day when my grandson looks as if he is trapped in Devil's Snare and happy about it. There is a dance party with a butterfly, a cat, a penguin, and a bat hybrid with tights." She touched her brow. "Madness. All of it." The serious moment dissolved with laughter, and when Hermione explained James' costume, Narcissa even cracked a smile. "I actually came to tell you both that Draco and Harry have returned and we're ready to eat." Hermione's smile vanished as the complex blend of emotions at seeing Draco again mixed with bits of dread and scraps of anxiety about being in his presence after how they parted last night. It didn't take a night alone to miss him or notice the blank space he left in his absence. It didn't take sleeping alone to be unable to stand the silence that served as a chance to hear his words play over and over in her head. Unable to escape them. Unable to escape him. The idea of going back to the polite yet reserved mannerisms, the idea of going back to how they once wereÑshe'd rather have nothing than that. Or would she? As they made their way downstairs to where everyone was arranged around the table lined with food, honesty tugged at Hermione's thoughts. Despite the lively conversation happening upon their arrival, everything blurred around the edges of her subconscious when Draco's eyes met hers He looked as tired as she felt, but she only noticed because she knew where to look. Not in his eyes, but in the pallor of his complexion, the rigidity of his attire, and the heavy sag of his shoulders. Hermione hated knowing it. Hated knowing that, like her, Draco hadn't taken anything for alertness. But, most of all, she hated knowing that the black he wore today was less of a fashion choice than a function. His armour. For her. Draco's attention moved to Scorpius, who was struggling with his fork because he refused to take his cactus hands off. Fondness creased the edge of his tired eyes as he picked up the utensil for his son, forked the mashed potatoes, and brought them to his lips. An awkward moment passed before Scorpius allowed himself to be fed. She took a seat on the other side of Scorpius after an inviting look, and grinned in return when he started to sign something but forgot, yet again, that he had limited use of his hands. After greeting everyone and offering Lily a meow that made her beam, the meal began in earnest and the chaos continued. The amount of subject changes made it easy to sit back and let her friends lead. The children were asking Neville to pick up different things with his branches. Luna and Susan encouraged him while Narcissa's visible horror returned. Andromeda and Daphne were talking while laughing. Halia was very much awake and opening her mouth like a baby bird with each bite of food Dean ate. Harry was a little quiet and Ginny's supportive hand never left his during the meal. Draco was just as quiet while he fed Scorpius, who looked happier and happier with each bite and was currently swinging his legs in his chair. His only comment came when Ginny mentioned that Ron was going to the heavily advertised Chudley Cannons match against the Falmouth Falcons on Saturday. "It'll be over in ten minutes." "The Cannons aren't so bad this year. The Ministry offered tickets to everyone. Rumour has it the Minister himself will be in attendance." "The Minister's presence won't change the fact that they're second to last place." Dean chuckled at himself and then at his daughter, who was now enjoying a bottle, even if she didn't look happy about it. "Actually, I just remembered the Arrows passed them, so they're currently last." Harry and Ginny exchanged looks. "Okay, they're a bit terrible," Ginny conceded. Disbelieving looks rained on them, and even Narcissa, who knew little about Quidditch, tilted her head. "Malfoy's right." Dean shrugged. "They're going to be destroyed. Ron asked me to go with but I told him I was teaching art lessons that night." Daphne gave her husband a look. "You don't start that until January." "I don't." His mischievous leer made his wife cackle. "Not even box seats will make a night of nursing his disappointment worth it." Harry didn't appear fond of the task either. "Shi"ÑGinny elbowed him in the ribs hard Ñ"lling. Shilling." The word came out in a wheeze. "Calling Molly on you for spousal abuse." "She would hit you harder if she knew you were swearing in front of the kids." Before Harry had a chance to rebut, they all caught the tail end of Neville asking James if he knew the difference between Halloween and Samhain. "No," James answered cheerfully. "Halloween's for candy and costumes, but we also celebrate our grandparents. They died saving dad." The blunt statement was concluded with a forkful of mashed potatoes. "Can I have more, mum?" Ginny was momentarily shocked, as was everyone else. "F-finish your vegetables." "Boo." But he forked the green beans anyway. Neville redirected the conversation. "Why'd you dress like a penguin, Al?" "So Mr Draco and I can match 'cause I'm his favourite." Dean nearly spit out his pumpkin juice. Daphne did. "I don't dress like that," Draco grumbled. Every eye shifted to him in varying shades of disbelief. "Of course not, darling." Narcissa smirked into her cup. Everyone else laughed. Albus reminded them all that Mr Draco hadn't said he wasn't his favourite, which only made the laughter grow louder, even from the kids, who mostly didn't know what they were laughing at. Except Scorpius. He appeared deep in thought, frowning in concentration so intense he'd stopped eating. His mood persisted, but when both Hermione and Draco asked if he was okay, he nodded with a cheerfulness that seemed hollow. Chaos returned after dinner when the kids made a game of taking turns running into the candy tent and grabbing everything they could before time was up. James came out with candy stuffed into his costume, Lily and Albus did, too, but after convincing Scorpius to remove his cactus hands in order to take his turn, he emerged with only a handful of candy: a single piece for each adult, even a puzzled Narcissa, and one for himself. "Thank you." Hermione offered support to fill the silence of everyone's confusion. "You share so well." Scorpius' soft smile brought out his dimples, made even more adorable by his costume. "You can get more than one piece of candy." Draco's voice was calm and his body relaxed, which prompted Scorpius to shuffle closer between his dad's legs and lean back on his knee. He opened his hand to reveal the individually wrapped lemon drop. "Go on." But Scorpius shook his head, signing for you and waiting with wide-eyed patience until Draco unwrapped his before his son did the same. Together, they ate their lemon drops, content in each other's presence in a way she hadn't observed thus far. And then he turned to her, waiting until she followed in kind, eating her piece as well. Jaw bulged in contentment, he reached for her hand while snuggling against his father's chest. It was always the little things that meant the most to him. You should think this through, her mind said. But this could be yours, her heart reminded her. Hermione cupped Scorpius' cheek and stopped, smile dimming as a profound sense of belonging shielded her thoughts. She lifted her eyes to find Draco watching her. And even as her heart and mind argued on, she tuned them out. The tired cogs in her mind slowed to a halt as the urge to cup his cheek and speak stretched and softened around her. Unplanned words were interrupted by Lily's high-pitched squeal at being picked up by Neville's branches. Scorpius abruptly left in Daphne's direction in a move that jarred them both, but before Hermione could say anything, Draco excused himself and went back inside, running his hands through his hair several times in what looked like frustration. She remained as she was until her heart stopped racing. The next few hours were spent drifting from conversation to conversation about any and everything. More than once, someone asked how she was doing, but Hermione couldn't bring herself to lie, so she changed the subject while trying not to watch Draco as often as she caught him watching her. She listened to Andromeda's news on Teddy, who was passing potions, while Susan, a late arrival, massaged open her hand. That didn't stop her from noticing the way Draco's grumpy scowl ebbed and flowed like the tide whenever he caught Albus imitating his mannerisms with penguin wings before he rolled his eyes and taught the little boy how to properly scowl. Something he tried out on everyone. "I didn't expect that at all." Andromeda's eyes were alight with amusement. "Poor Harry." Poor Harry indeed. Her best friend looked as if every misfortune had rebounded on him all at once. Ginny sympathetically patted his shoulder and laughed at her husband's misery. Too humoured by the sight, Hermione didn't notice Scorpius and Daphne's approach until they were standing next to her. Then she saw the camera. "He wants a picture." Hermione's smile was true when she posed with the little boy dressed as his favourite plant, but things became more difficult when Scorpius scampered off, returning with his father and a signed request that left them both awkwardly staring at each other. A picture together. All three of them. Like a family. Hermione tried to rub away the strange feeling that only swelled with each passing moment. "I shouldÑ" "It's what he wants." Apparently, Draco hadn't been able to tell his son no. Not even for his own sake. Which was how they ended up standing beside each other with Scorpius grinning between them. Draco's hand was a ghost on her back as they posed. She could feel the periphery of his presence, but it never manifested in a solid sensation. Close but distant. Boundaries up. Gods, Hermione had never been more tempted to fabricate a reason to lean into him. But she didn't. Couldn't. To love was to respect, and she did so without hesitation. But still, it was unnerving to be so used to someone. To be aware enough to notice the littlest changes and shifts in them. To be used to their silence and moods, the dichotomy of messy handwriting versus meticulous ways. Wearing a smile was as difficult as processing the realisation that it was possible to miss a routine, be lonely for a time, and be homesick for people. When Scorpius and his appointed camerawoman left in the direction of a waiting Albus, she found herself alone with Draco for a second time. He didn't immediately leave, nor were they interrupted, and despite the need to speak, it was difficult to swallow uncertainty and find something to say. Conversation had never been this hard. Not even in the beginning. "Have you slept?" Draco tensed at the question. "Not well. The sofa wasn't as comfortable as I remember." Despite his honesty, grey eyes went in all directions except hers. It was as intentional as the hands he'd slid into his pocket. She wondered if he did it to keep himself from touching her. "Did you?" "A little this morning in Kingsley's guest room. IÉ" Hermione folded her arms and looked around. The strange sight of a cactus and a penguin hugging while Daphne snapped multiple pictures wasn't enough to keep her silent. "I don't know how to do this." "Neither do I." Noise from music and conversation persisted long enough for the photo session to conclude between the best friends and they watched together in silence. Scorpius' smile faded once again as the thick fog of his mood rolled back in. Her instinct was to go to him, but she remained where she was, watching to try and figure him out. Scorpius approached Harry, who was talking to Neville, and signed something that appeared to confuse both men. Hermione hadn't caught it either, but beside her, Draco tensed in realisation. He said nothing, but his eyes followed his son as he practically fled in Albus' direction. And past him. Albus became a waddling blur of flapping wings as he took off after his best friend, caught up, and remained at his side, mouth moving in words Hermione couldn't hear over the music. "Excuse me." Draco stepped back and turned away before walking casually in the direction of his son, who was unknowingly on a path that led straight to him. Approaching both boys, a knee in the grass and beckoning gestures brought them to his side. He spoke calmly to Albus, who saluted with a wing and ran off, past her, and to his dad's side, bouncing from foot to foot impatiently until Harry addressed him. A wing was thrown in their direction and Harry approached, but Albus bounced over to where his mother was talking to Daphne. The universal sign of needing to go to the bathroom made Ginny chuckle and take him inside. Draco was still talking and signing to Scorpius, who looked a bit distressed. What was wrong? "Albus said you wanted something, but then he announced he had to use the loo before he could say what." Judging by Harry's level of amusement, those hadn't been his exact words. But then he sobered and nodded in Draco's direction as he opened his hand to his son. "Did he tell you?" "Tell me what?" "Malfoy mentioned you stayed at home last night, but I don't think you should. Not yet. Wards aside, the area has had more sightings. News of an animal attack the night of the last full moon even made the Muggle news. We're investigating." Her blood went cold. "I did stay at home last night, but I won't again until I'm well enough to defend myself should I need to." "The objective is to see that you don't get to that point." He would have said more but thumbed in the direction of the two Malfoys. "What's going on there?" "No idea. He's been in an odd mood off and on since dinnerÉ" Hermione trailed off when whatever Draco had said was enough for Scorpius to slowly place his hand into his father's. An oddly touching sight they made. Rising to his feet, he led the wary little boy back to them. Beneath the party atmosphere and the sound of James laughing, serious blue eyes peered up at Harry as he let go of his father's hand. When Draco pressed an encouraging hand on his son's back, he finally signed. Are you okay? Harry knew a few words, but not that question. History made him turn to Hermione for answers. "He wants to know if you're okay." She sounded as perplexed as Harry looked. "What is it, Scorpius?" The next two words he signed served as a reminder that Scorpius internalised everything until whatever was he holding in had to come out. Mother. Father. More confused looks came from Harry, but before Draco could interpret, Hermione decided it would be best for this conversation to take place away from the party. Draco made an odd sight, sitting on the glass table with Scorpius dressed as a cactus standing beside him, squarely focused on Harry next to her on the sofa. "SoooooÉ" Harry stretched the word as much as he could with an inflection that would have made any one of his three kids giggle. But not Scorpius. After exchanging looks with Draco, Hermione bridged the gap. "He remembers what James said at the table about your parents. He wants to know if you're okay." Realisation dimmed Harry's smile, but he didn't answer right away, instead smoothing a hand over his beard. It was hard to determine if Draco's tension came from Harry's silence or his own helplessness. "That shocked you, didn't it?" Scorpius nodded slowly, finally expressing just how troubled he was by what he'd learned so bluntly. "James has heard stories of their bravery, but I imagine you see it differently, right?" Loss. Harry's question was accompanied by a gesture inviting Scorpius closer. It wasn't until the little boy was standing in front of him and staring at his hands that Harry continued. "I am okay, thank you for asking. I don't remember my parents because it happened when I was a baby." If at all possible, the new information made things worse. Deeply affected, Scorpius curled his fingers and blinked several times in the sort of distress that made Draco shift close enough to place that reassuring hand on his back. Still, his hands shook and his eyes blurred with distraught tears as he signed another question Harry looked to Hermione to interpret. But she was too lost for words. Draco took over. "Do you miss them?" "Some days more than others." Harry chose his words carefully. "But on days like today, I'm okay because I know they aren't gone. Not really. They live here." He brought a hand to his heart, so focused on Scorpius, he didn't notice the tears in his own eyes. "And as long as they're there, I'll never forget." After a moment's hesitation, he leaned closer to a child who knew a similar sort of loss and bore a pain that would never truly relent. Bound by the onset of a grief that shaped them into children who knew too much too soon about death's permanence and how it shaped each person differently. Harry's had once amounted to bitterness and anger, but Scorpius' made him compassionate and empathetic. Determined to help anything that struggled as he once had. "As long as your mum is here." Harry picked up Scorpius' hand and placed it against his heart, covering his little fist with his palm. "You'll never forget her, not even when you're as old as I am. She will always be with you." Scorpius smiled through falling tears. And when he sobbed openly and freely, Hermione knew it wasn't out of sadness. It was relief. November 1, 2011 In a bed her body recognised, sleep was even more elusive. It was hard to ignore what was missing in the familiar place. The lack of presence at her back or warmth in the sheets. All the things she never needed before but now couldn't seem to close her eyes without. Hours had passed since they silently fell back into their normal routine of reading Scorpius a bedtime storyÑa silent agreement made that nothing with him would change, even if everything between them had. She hoped they were better actors, but when Scorpius had insisted on holding both their hands while Draco read about a lost pygmy puff, she worried he had noticed the shift in equilibrium. She certainly had. Draco disappeared the moment Scorpius was sleeping deeply enough for him to pry his hand away and answer a call made from Harry that had come through an hour before. That left Hermione with her normal task of tucking him in and turning the projector on. Counting the constellations, she stopped at thirteen and ventured back to the room where she found she was only able to sit on the bed. She couldn't lie down. Not without him. It was nearly midnight when Hermione left the room, wandering aimlessly until she stood outside of Draco's closed office door. The wards didn't reject her, so Hermione ventured in slowly, peeking around for signs of life. She found none aside from the map on the table, where the diamonds were slowly spinning. And the Pensieve. More than ever, it called to her, and Hermione answered. Drifting to the onyx bowl, she ran her fingers along the waxy rim then down to the rune marking. A wisp of silver swirled in the bowl. The truth was too built up in her mind, and she was ready to see for herself. This was a terrible idea, but Draco's reticence and her own mounting curiosity made her reckless in a way she hadn't been for a while. Like navigating her feelings, she had to walk this careful journey through her memories. And she had to do it alone. Hermione shook the nerves from her hands, lowered her face into the bowl, and plunged into the darkness, through ice, then landed at the start. The alarms. In the chaos that followed, Hermione remembered little, but now, as an observer, she was horrified by what Scorpius had heard in those initial moments. She watched each of his fearful breaths. The way he clutched her tight. She couldn't focus on it, but a visceral exhale of relief swept through her when Scorpius vanished. She was heartbroken by the image of him desperately reaching for her. Without the little boy in the room, her attention was drawn elsewhere, and this vantage point gave her the perfect sight of Theo's palpable relief just before the door shattered to pieces. Heart hammering as each step brought her to the inevitable. He's looking for you. The explosion still made her jolt, and she winced at the sight of her body hitting the wall. Trapped in the moment, Hermione waved a hand in front of her face to clear the vision of dust from her memories as she watched herself struggle to her feet. Slowly. After that, she was lost. Blurring together, reality and memory collectively swept her into the horror of each moment. Tagging Death Eaters with letters. Running into Padma and rolling with each following moment. Panic pounded in her veins and fear roared in her ears as she watched them run from Greyback. For the first time, she truly looked at him. More animal than man, it was evident there was intelligence in his predatory focus. A terrifying gleam lit his eyes. Padma had been right to worry about them splitting up. The chase that led to the second explosion made Hermione clench her sideÑthe memory of pain from pulling the glass shard out all over again. Dizzy from anxiety by the time Greyback caught her, tears fell freely as she watched him shatter her wrist with effortless force before he licked her tears. It was hard to watch herself struggle, kick helplessly, then offer herself in exchange for Padma's safety. A phantom pull left her nauseous and disoriented. Time raced by in swirling patterns that painted the sides of her vision, but then it slowed. A room. A shack. Faces. Everything stopped long enough for her to focus on each blur. Heart and head pounding, sick from the sensation, Hermione closed her eyes for a second then looked again. Harder. The first face was one she didn't recognise. The second was the blurred image of a person she'd seen up close for the first time at fifteen: Rodolphus Lestrange. And the third was someone she'd last seen in her Summons. A familiar face. Cormac. Hermione launched herself from the memory, gasping and choking as she collapsed on her hands and knees. Pain deafened everything. She choked on air and dry heaved so hard her muscles clenched with an unforgiving strength. Beneath the roaring in her ears, she heard someone cursing. Tears fell without care or permission. Her wrist buckled and gave, but instead of hitting her head on the floor, hands surrounded her. Her ear pressed against the chest of someone whose heart was pounding hard enough for her to feel it against her cheek. "Breathe." She did just that, reorienting herself to reality through the firm ground and the hands on her. Concerned grey eyes searched her face for evidence of a trauma he could not see, a raw wound bleeding beneath her skin. "I told you not toÑ" "I saw everything." November 3, 2011 With the addition of the Apothecary's Rose, there was officially no more space in the greenhouse. Hermione walked the pathway with Neville that led through the rich foliage as she absorbed this realisation. Potted plants covered the once empty tables, overcrowded trellises, and enough of them hung from the ceiling to block a portion of the plants from direct sunlight. Everything was still bursting with colour and life during a time of year most were usually dormant. Full tables served as a reminder of March when she'd daydreamed of this moment. "You should strongly consider expanding." "Or you could stop storing all your plants from school here." Neville tilted his head to the side. "None of these came from me." "Sorry, what?" "I thought you knew, but clearly you don't." His expression shifted to faint amusement. "Interesting." "What's interesting? And you thought I knew what?" "I thought you had coordinatedÑokay, never mind. I'll just tell you." He gestured around the room. "All the new plants came from the Malfoy Manor's greenhouse. Malfoy adjusted the blood wards to include me. We're related through my great-great grandmother's sister. He had explicit instructions to begin moving everything here." A gasp escaped. "When?" "End of August." Neville looked more and more curious. "I really thought you knew." "I didn't." "I didn't know things between you two were serious enough for him to move in." "He's not. He'sÑhe knows I wanted to fill this place with everything beneficial to brew. I told him as much." Once during his first visit, then again in the last month of sharing bits and pieces of herself she hadn't shared with anyone else. Hermione was not only stunned by what or how much Draco had retained, but also by how long he'd been quietly piecing the bits of her together. "He certainly made that a reality." Neville looked around, lips curling into a gentle smile at the life around them. Excitement grew the more he spoke. "I've taken cuttings of plants not seen in nature for well over a hundred years, and I've let my students study how to propagate them. He even gave me a book of seeds and asked me to figure out how to grow each. Some are from plants that haven't existed in generations." Hermione was speechless. "IÑthe Head of Herbology has taken an interest in the project of reintroducing the plants into nature and studying their magical and mundane properties, but we don't have a dedicated space yet to cultivate them." The more they walked, the more she turned over the new information in her head. "Why would he do all of this?" "Perhaps he's preserving his legacyÉ or maybe he's making one of his own." Now's your chance to grow something all your own. Hermione pressed a hand over her heart. Her words and thoughts ached to spill forth, but they never got a chance because an adorably goggled Scorpius peeked his head around the corner, then waved a mitted hand. Still an adorable alien, only now Narcissa was with him holding Mint. The way he greeted Neville showed a warm respect, but the way Neville took a knee spoke of his own fondness for the boy. Neville held his hand up, giving Scorpius an expectant look that made him scrunch his little nose and hesitate for a second before placing his mitted hand against Neville's open palm in the slowest high five she'd ever seen. Neville grinned like they'd crossed some invisible bridge Hermione didn't know existed. "Apologies for our tardiness," Narcissa said by way of greeting before handing the cactus to Neville once he stood back up. "My grandson insisted that Meda put on his mittens and goggles before we left her to make lunch so he couldn't carry this." "Safety first." Scorpius dimpled. "Are you working today?" Neville asked. "No, just delivering Scorpius. I am returning home to lie down." Only when she brought her hands together did Hermione see the tremble. "It has not been a good day." Neville took that moment to ask Scorpius if he wanted to check on the daylily, which had sprouted just before the wedding, much to his excitement. He took every opportunity to see how it had grown and changed since his last visit. When Neville and Scorpius turned the corner, Hermione looked back at Narcissa. "Do you want to talk?" "Not particularly, but make certain Mr Longbottom does not prune today. He has improved in that regard, but I would like him to use a different method on the trees." "Okay." "When do you plan to expand the charms?" The question was directed at Hermione. "I know you are hesitant to do much in your current condition and expanding it further would make it difficult to tend to alone, but you are no longer alone, Miss Granger." "IÑ" She folded her arms. "Neville has more responsibilities than tending my garden. IÑ" "You are good at making assumptions without being in possession of the facts. Mr Longbottom isn't the only person who tends to your plants." "Draco?" She'd already been surprised so many times by him. "He is far too busy." Before Hermione could ask anything else, Narcissa said she was exhausted and took her leave. Momentarily dazed, Hermione shook it off and found her way back to where Neville and Scorpius were huddled around her work table in the corner, the latter on a stool so he could observe. When she joined them, Neville stepped away to find the proper soil. "Do you know what we're doing with Mint today?" Hermione asked Scorpius. "Repotting," Scorpius answered softly. Each word he gave her meant the world, and observing the progression of his verbal confidence was nothing short of amazing. He tapped the new pot with his gloved hand. It was old and vaguely familiar, but she couldn't put her finger on where she'd seen it before. "Exactly." Hermione grinned at him. "Do you know why we do this?" "To make room." "You're right." Hermione paused. "Did Mr Neville tell you that?" He nodded proudly. "First, we have our new potÑwhy did you pick this one? I thought you would want a blue one." Blue was his favourite colour, after all. "Daddy picked it." "Oh?" Neville returned wearing dragonhide gloves, interrupting any further inquiries with a bag of coarse dirt. He got to work, breaking up the soil with a trowel along the edges before moving it aside, and explaining everything as he went. Neville let Scorpius assist with preparing the new home for Mint, scooping out the new dirt and filling the pot with the perfect amount. There was more dirt on the workstation than inside the pot, but despite his blush at the accident, he only looked happy as he pressed on. "Is this an old pot?" "From the Malfoy greenhouse actually." Neville peered inside. "Runes at the bottom make it change colours when it's time to water or when it needs care. They also protect it when needed. I've never seen anything like it, but every pot from there has these charms." The fact that Draco had chosen to put Mint in it above anything else was exclusively for Scorpius' sake. "When you repot, make sure the cactus is at the same depth it was in the old pot." Neville walked him through each step as they worked. "You don't want to change it too much. It can scare it." Scorpius watched closely as Neville extracted the cactus from the pot with care. He looked more nervous than she felt. Neville was mindful of his actions, dusting the excess soil from around the roots. "Normally, we wouldn't repot this early, but you've done such a good job taking care of him that he's outgrown his home." Hermione couldn't ignore the parallels. "You should be so proud of yourself." And he was. His smile was lit with confidence. When Neville placed it in the dirt, Scorpius got right to work filling the space around it. "Next we'll put it back on its stand and let it get used to its new home. Then, in a week, he'll need to be watered. Sounds good?" Scorpius looked at the old pot, frowning as he held it the same way he had so many times before. It was half-full of old dirt but Hermione could understand the attachment. "Just because we change pots doesn't mean that we get rid of the old one in favour of the new. We keep it so we can use it again. This will become a new home for another plant." "Maybe one of your rehab plants, then." Scorpius brightened at Neville's suggestion, and accepted Hermione's offered hand, making sure he stepped off the stool carefully. Scorpius jumped and looked like he wanted to do it again before smiling bashfully at her, but it was okay, her smile matched. He was more playful in small actions than she'd ever seen him before. "All finished." Neville bent down and picked up a book. "Do you want to check everything with me?" Scorpius nodded. "What's the book for?" Hermione asked. "It's a layout so nothing is missed. Scorpius isÉ orderly. He followed me around the entire day it took to make this. I imagine he'll do the same when you decide to expand." "Hmm." She looked down at him. "Do you think I should make this place bigger?" Blue eyes went wide at the prospect. "I'd have to move things around andÑ" All heads turned when Padma and Luna walked in, shaking the chill from their bodies as they quickly acclimated to the warmth. While Luna hugged Neville, Padma offered her greeting with words and smiles. Scorpius offered her a gloved handshake that she accepted. "What are you doing here?" "Luna was heading out here when I came through the Floo. My first shift back is in an hour." "Reversing hexes and accidental tails is a good way to get back in the game." Hermione patted her on the back. "Why would anyone want to lose a good tail?" Luna frowned. Scorpius shrugged as if he didn't understand either, and Neville chuckled while Padma and Hermione exchanged looks. "Tails are lovely, butÑ" Luna brought her hand to her chin. "I suppose seeing a person with one would confuse the Muggles." "Outside of Halloween, at least," Hermione said. "Next year, let's wear tails. You, too, Scorpius." His eyes widened in shock, then he flushed and nodded before burying his face in Hermione's leg. She stroked his hair until he retreated, still red in the face. "Are you ready?" Neville asked Scorpius, who nodded. "Let's start with the trees." Luna went along, with Scorpius between them, but only after Hermione helped the little boy out of his gloves. She caught Luna's fond expression when she saw Scorpius clutching the open book to his chest, pointing in the direction of the trees from memory. "Does your offer still stand?" Padma asked once they were alone. "Of course." She looked relieved. Hermione called to the three that she was going to walk Padma back to the house and to bring Scorpius in to eat when they finished. The walk back was quick. The brisk air served as a shock to Hermione's system after being in the warm greenhouse, but it didn't last. The conservatory was warm, too. Daphne and Pansy were seated on the sofa, and when Andromeda walked in, she backed out. It took exactly one glance and two seconds for Hermione to figure out why. Pansy looked mutinous. And Hermione knew better than to charge headfirst into that storm. "Wasn't expecting a visit." "We actually just got here," Daphne said pleasantly, but there was a warning in her tone. "Have you both eaten?" "No, but I'm not hungry." Pansy didn't bother to hide her ire as she looked around. "Are you staying here now?" "No." Even if she were at the point when she could, a growing doubt existed where none had before. Home was nice and familiar, but at its core, things were different. Felt different. There was a piece missing, and no matter how many nights she laid awake, she couldn't blot out the truth. "What's wrong, Pansy?" Because it made little sense to mince words. "You're in a mood." "I told you once that in a fight between you and Draco, I would pick him every time. Well, today I asked him how things were going with you, and he shut down and refused to talk to me. So we're going to discuss this orÑ" "We're not going to discuss this because what happened is between the two of us. I don't bring my relationship problems into the public." Pansy recoiled as if she'd been struck. "Wow, sometimes I forget how much of a bitch you can be. Thanks for the reminder." "That's notÑ" "Relationship?" Padma held up both hands. "You said relationship." "IÑ" Yes, she had. "Of course they're in a relationship, he's mad about her! I've never seen him give a fuck about someone outside of his family. It's bloody insane that I have to tell you this! He makes you tea! He listens to you! He's been learning how to date so he can do it with you. When you were unconscious, he spent hours at your side. You love Scorpius, how could he notÑ" "Pansy," Hermione said slowly, trying to maintain control. "I'm not done. What do you want, Hermione? Because Draco has been trying and analysing and consideringÑ" "Him!" Hermione exploded without warning, gasping from the truth. "IÑI want him, but it's not that simple. And Draco heÑhe understands. He's giving me space to think, if you must know." Hermione wrapped a hand around her wrist. "Space that's difficult to maintain, but I respect his wishes and know he's right. I need to reconcileÑ" "What could you possibly need to think about?" "I don't have to justify my hesitation and fears to you." "Fears?" Pansy baulked at the word while Daphne and Padma shuffled uncomfortably. "What are you afraid of? Better yet, how are you afraid?" "Excuse me?" Hermione stepped forward. "Says the person who got chased around a hedge maze two months ago today." "You're supposed to be better than me!" Pansy gripped her shoulder. "Braver, at least. You took down over a dozen Death Eaters and Greyback but you can't tackle your feelings? Are you fucking kidding me?" "It's not that simple." Hermione shook herself loose from Pansy's grip. "It hasn't even been a year, and here I am after four months thinking about not just a relationship, but a life? With him? With Scorpius? You have no idea how hard it is to digest the prospect of not only becoming more than a mother figure to a child who just lost his own, but also helping to raise him. Not to mention a partner to someone who is still figuring it out. We both have things we need to work on, things we need to talk about. And it's one thing to advise him, but something completely different to stand beside him through everything that's coming his way. It's not a decision or a commitment that I'm going to make on a whim or take lightly." Hermione was practical. Sacrificing her life and identity wasn't an option, but remaining the same wasn't either. Making room for Scorpius was easy, he was already there before she'd truly realised it. Draco, on the other hand, was different, more complicated, and that took more work. Not because she struggled to find feelings for him, it was actually quite the opposite. And each time she thought of a life with him, she could see her world melding with his as she free fell into time and space. She already was. And that was why she was afraid. "It's different toÑ" "How do you know if you don't try?" Daphne asked calmly. "I only get one chance. Scorpius deserves more than someone who is grappling with the idea of having to change everything again, and once again, not by choice. And Draco deserves more, too. I want that so much for them, but I want that for myselfÑ" "You love him." Hermione froze at Daphne's assertion, blinking wildly. "IÑyes. I do." Then a hysterical chuckle escaped, her eyes filling with tears as Pansy's ire visibly cooled. "I do. I'm not ready, but I do. I didn't plan this and I do. I've been turning this over, trying to figure out the best way to go about this, but then I think of all the ways this can go wrong. I think about how it doesn't always last. I think about the things I have to change and give up andÑ" "You're part of their happiness, but it's not entirely your responsibility," Padma interrupted before Hermione could fully spiral. "You're so used to being alone that it's hard to be a part of something without taking over all the responsibilities. It's impossible to do anything when you put that kind of pressure on yourself. That's tiring, and if you think like that, no wonder you're hesitant. If you're thinking about what you'd be giving up, before you even put it down, I understand why you're stuck. BlaiseÑ" Padma smiled, running a hand through her hair before touching her scar. "I know how you feel, Hermione. I struggled at the beginning, too." "I've always wondered how you did it. How you built something with Blaise and maintained your independence." "We took it one day at a time, and built it together. Admittedly, at first, he gave more than I did, but once I realised love can mean ease instead of work, and once I learned to trust, it came naturally to give it to him and have faith that he wouldn't break it. I had to go in knowing full well that he could. We have our issues, things we'll always fight about, things about him that make me scream, but in the end, he's worth all the fight and arguments. I made a choice to love all of him. And I make it again every day." "I don't think you're scared of the commitment, Hermione." Daphne stood up finally. "I think you're scared by how easy it's come. Without noticing, you found yourself part of a family. It fundamentally goes against everything you had in the past, where you had to fight and claw every single day in every single way to get where you needed to be." Pansy looked from Padma to Daphne then over to Andromeda, who had returned to the doorway without any of them noticing. "What they said. Shite, I'm still figuring it out, but IÑdidn't want to miss out anymore. I wanted to be happy. And not that Percy is the only source of it, I am, but he is part of it." "Draco's not going to just accept me approaching him so soon. He told me four days ago he wouldn't believe anything I said to make him stay." Hermione looked down, feeling suddenly very tired. "I don't think words will be enough." Pansy's hand was a peace offering Hermione accepted. Her words sparked an idea. "Actions always speak louder." November 5, 2011 While Padma's first shift had gone smoothly, this one had been one difficult case after the next where they had to work together to figure out each diagnosis. Once they'd determined that their last patient had been in contact with a chimaera and earned a scratch that had left them deathly ill, Padma sat in the chair after Mediwitches took them to the right department for proper care. They both exhaled. "A report needs to be filed." All sorts of laws and codes popped fresh into her mind, despite years away from the Ministry. "My guess is he was in contact with a baby or he'd be dead." "I'd be curious to know how it happened." "Probably something illegal." They exchanged looks and Hermione chuckled. "Definitely illegal." Padma laughed, but it faded as she rubbed her neck, turning it from side to side. She was tired, and it was nearly time to wrap things up. A bit of paperwork was still outstanding, but Hermione could tackle that with a Quick Quotes Quill before they returned to the Malfoys' for a late tea, a few hand exercises, and a chat about the shift. "How are you feeling?" Hermione couldn't keep the concern out of her voice. "I'm okay, just a slight headache. Nothing a potion can't cure." Hermione pulled one from her bag and offered it to her friend. Padma accepted, but only took half before corking it and handing it back. "Ready for charting?" "Am I ever? No, but doing it together makes it more manageable." A small noise escaped Hermione as she gathered everything back into her beaded bag. "You miss it, don't you?" Padma asked suddenly. Hermione had spent this shift in research mode, solving each problem they'd faced while Padma ran the healing charms. It was far easier to fall into the hands-off part of the team. She hadn't considered the difficulty she experienced casting more complex charms with her left hand. They'd spent the last few hours bouncing questions off each other, and working a part of her mind she hadn't tapped into since the attack. Helping in some capacity felt goodÑlike she was needed. "I miss working, but I miss researching more. I miss cooking and even brewing. But mostly, I miss gardening and learning sign language with Scorpius." Privately, she added one more thing that she missed. Draco taking her hand without hesitation. Connection. "I miss my wolves," Padma confessed. "None of them like Adkins, who's been running group therapy in my absence. I am grateful though. Malfoy made sure enough Wolfsbane was brewed for them last month." "Did heÑ" "Brew it himself? No, he outsourced the task to ten of the University's Potions Masters for the next year. He paid for all their ingredients and everything." "How?" That was expensive. Larger than their existing budget. "Neville told me a few details, but he hadn't told me that." "He proposed a few ways to cut costs. The Herbology Department provides some of the ingredients, and while the Potions Apprentices brew it, Blaise and Daphne procure the rest. Makes me wonder why we didn't think of something like this when we first started." "Not used to asking for help." Padma chuckled. "I still struggle with that sometimes." "You do?" Hermione frowned. "But BlaiseÑ" "Lets me solve my problems in my own way, but when I run out of options, it's nice to know I have one more in him to call on, even if I rarely do." Hermione let the thought marinate for the next two hours while they charted in a spare office. They were just leaving when the alarms went off. Instinct made them freeze in fear just for an instant. A crippling beat. A long breath. They both realised, when they joined other Healers and Mediwitches who'd flooded the halls, this wasn't a security breach alarm. It was an emergency alarm. They were about to get an influx of patients. Which meant one thing. Something happened. New security measures had them partnering up, and Hermione chose hers before the question could be asked. The alarms blared a second time just before Susan found them. "You both shouldn't be here. Not afterÑ" "Almost everyone here was there that day," Padma argued. "They weren't hurt like either of you." She rolled her eyes at their twin stubborn looks. "Fine, but we are not splitting up. No heroics, Hermione, I mean it. No spellwork at all with your left hand. Padma, take it easy." "Yes, mother," they sang in unison, which earned them a scowl. What Hermione loved about partnering with Padma and Susan was knowing she was grouped with others just as competent. As they fell into planning mode, everyone raced to clear beds and space. They worked together in silence, arming up on potions and salves, not knowing what they were preparing for. Theo appeared, looking ruffled, with Roger ready to brief them all at his side. "An hour ago, there was an attack at a sold out Quidditch game with Ministry officials present." Susan's gasp was audible as realisation dawned on them all. The Cannons game. Ron. "Unknown injured. Unknown fatalities. The Minister has minor injuries but is in a safe location. Members of the Wizengamot in attendance are being treated privately. We just got word that Aurors have enough control over the arena for us to dispatch two teams. Patients will be coming as they're pulled from the wreckage." "Wreckage?" someone else asked. "What wreckage?" "There was a bomb. Nearly half the pitch was destroyed." It was far worse than expected. Hermione tensed and looked at Padma, then at Susan, who was visibly rattled by the news. Murmurs grew as everyone started vocalising their worries for friends and family they knew had attended the game. The Ministry employees who'd gotten free tickets and taken their families. The officials. The Aurors and Task Force members who were likely out there fighting in the wreckage. "We're unsure if the attack was biological in nature, but for safety, we're treating everyone who comes in as if they have been exposed. Everyone who hasn't been exposed to the poison needs to be in hazard robes immediately. Those who have should still dress in hazard robes but it is not a requirement." They all dressed in them anyway. "Maybe Ron didn't go." Padma tried to be the voice of reason but she sounded uncertain. "MaybeÑ" "He went. I talked to him before he left." Susan exhaled, pinching the bridge of her nose before taking a deep breath. "This is about to be a fucking disaster." She wasn't wrong. Patients started materialising, one after the next until they were overwhelmed with bodies. The worst of the worst. Wounded. Bleeding. Burned. Screaming. Panicked. Covered in soot and blood. It all blurred together as Padma and Susan worked while she assisted. There was a growing thought in her head that she tried to ignore. But when she saw her first critical Auror, who didn't make it, it returned to the forefront of her mind. Harry was out there. Ron, too. As was Draco. Time swam as Hermione went from bed to bed with her partners. She didn't cast, only instructed and solved quick problems. She was close enough to the action for the blood and soot on her hazard robes to quickly become an afterthought. No time to process the ones they'd lost or saved, no time to breathe or take a moment. There was just more. And more. And more. The niggling thought in her head kept her looking for familiar figures. After they stabilised a badly burned woman, the three exchanged looks. Padma hugged Susan in a moment of emotion begging to escape. Somehow, she ended up between the two, leaning against Padma, all of them tired and worn, but taking a moment to breathe. The journey wasn't over, but Roger pulled them to help with less serious patients. "We're rotating people in and out. You all have been here long enough." Hermione's first look at the clock put them past midnight. Hours past Padma's allotted time. It wasn't like they were going to leave, not when there were so many injured. The reprieve from the critical patients was nice, but as they entered the ward with the less critical patients, she quickly found something she'd been in search of all night. Harry. Injured with a flesh wound, he seemed more concerned about Ron, whose arm and chest were badly burned. Covered in soot, save his red hair, he looked far more relaxed than he should have given his injuries. "A Mediwitch gave me the best pain potion." He grinned with all his teeth, bright white contrasting the soot he was covered in. "I feel invisibleÑwait, invincible?" Hermione exhaled her relief. Padma did, too, before she quickly began checking him over. Susan's reaction struck her as odd. She tensed even more when she saw him. After stepping back to run a shaky hand through her hair, she closed her eyes as if meditating. Or counting to ten. Or a hundred. Frankly, she looked furious. "Where's Draco?" Hermione couldn't wait another minute without asking. "I lost him pretty early on." Which did nothing for Hermione's anxious thoughts. With no way to contact or summon herself to his side, she just had to wait. "Third degree burns," Padma announced after Vanishing the rest of Ron's shirt that hadn't been singed before slowly applying Dittany. "What happened?" The retelling made Hermione's stomach roll. Exploding light fixtures mid-game and Death Eaters coming out of the crowd they'd blended into. The chaos. Harry mentioned how many they'd managed to capture. "My section didn't collapse. I got burned trying to pull someoneÑ" "You absolute idiot." In a move that shocked them all, Susan pushed past Padma and punched Ron in his uninjured arm. He looked shocked, but then it smoothed out into something soft and pleased and strangely happy. "Stop smiling, you absolute moron." Susan's scowl deepened as Ron's smile brightened. "I won't. You were worried about me." Hermione hadn't seen him this playful in years and never before with her. Nobody hated this development more than Susan Bones. "This is why I keep turning you down. BloodyÑnobody told you to be a damn hero." "Sorry?" "Fixing broken Gryffindors." She tried to step away but he snaked a hand behind her, keeping her from running off. Susan looked resigned and irritated. "You're all going to be the death of me." "At least it'll never be boring." Ron pouted. "Don't hit me again. I'm injured." "I should! Been stressed out for hours and you're cracking awful jokes." Susan made a fist at her side. "I deserve bacon after this shitty fuÑ" "Excuse me." Padma snapped her fingers. "But what the hell is happening here?" Susan froze. "We're dating," Ron whispered loudly. "Or we will be after I complete the ten labours of Hercules." "It's twelve," Susan deadpanned and turned to their audience. "And I can take over from here. We'll talk next Girls' Night." "We most definitely will." Padma leered, much to Susan's obvious annoyance. "Pansy is going toÑ" "Am I invited?" Harry looked hopeful. Dejected after his question earned him three no's, Harry was the first out when Susan sent them away to finish healing Ron on her own. She promised to find them once he was stable and resting. "That wasÉ" Hermione trailed off, not knowing what to say, and feeling oddly amused despite her worries. "A surprise even I didn't see coming." Harry grinned. They all laughed until the alarms went off again, reminding them where they were and what was happening. "I have to get backÑ" "When you go back out thereÉ" Hermione stepped closer to her friend. "Can youÑ" "You don't have to ask." Harry braced both of her shoulders with his hands. "Malfoy's my partner, I'll find him." "I know, but I had to make sure becauseÑ" "I know." "Thanks." Padma healed Harry's cut and released him back into the field. They started seeing patients again, but she didn't have to wait long before she heard a commotion across the ward. Padma was in the middle of patching up a Task Force member when Hermione heard his voice. Rushing out and over to where Draco and Harry were, she paused at the sight of them all but carrying a very critical Cormac McLaggen while arguing with a Healer who looked increasingly irritated with each step Hermione took. "This area is for non-criticals, take himÑ" "There's no room up there," Harry explained before Draco could. "He can't wait." There was a growing pool of blood dripping from his body. "I understand but there's an order to theseÑ" "I don't give a fuck about your order," Draco snapped. "I need him alive." And Hermione knew why. "There's protocolÑ" "We'll take him." Hermione was one of three voices who spoke up simultaneously. Susan had stepped out of Ron's curtained off space and Padma's voice rose from behind her. There was a pause, a moment when they appreciated each other, before exploding into action. Susan directed Harry and Draco to bring him into the same curtained off space as Ron, who was patched up and asleep but still dirty. Padma transfigured a bed from her shoe and the two put him down while Hermione took the first look at the man whose life they needed to save. Cormac was barely recognisable under a layer of soot and riddled with obviously broken bones. Blood streaked from his eyes and nose, and he was hardly breathing when he coughed and blood spewed from his lips. "Internal injuries. Multiple fractures. Check him for poison andÑ" "We got it." Susan and Padma got to work. Hermione joined Harry and Draco off to the side where they were talking in low tones. "What happened?" "He was in the section that collapsed. A Death Eater was trying to finish him off when Malfoy found him." Harry watched Draco, who remained a silent figure at his side. For the first time, she looked at him closely. Outside of the fact that he was dirty, with a torn shirt that showed a flesh wound on his side, he didn't appear hurt. Just pinched and thoughtful, if a bit rattled from the night he'd likely had. Hermione's relief rendered her silent. "It was an assassination attempt." Draco's tone held no speculation. It was a fact. "You don't know that, Malfoy." "I told you what Granger uncovered in her memory and now this? It's not a coincidence." No, it wasn't. "We'll put guards on him." Harry glanced down and grimaced. "Let someone fix your side." "It's a flesh wound." Draco left for a destination she didn't know, but Hermione followed him anyway after excusing herself from an understanding Harry. "Let me heal you." Somehow he heard her voice in the midst of the chaos. Draco stopped. They ended up in an empty room. "You can't perform complex charms with yourÑ" Draco inhaled sharply when she ignored the pain and pressed her hand against his wound, closing her eyes as she spoke the incantation. Warmth from the rush of power in her veins flared then receded. Hermione took her hand away, examining flesh that looked as if it had never been injured. It was done. "Your hands are shaking." "I didn't notice." Hermione looked at her hands then at him. "At least it's only a flesh wound, and you're not hurt or worse." "You wereÑ" "Of course I was. I am. And even though I know you're going back out there and things areÑ what they are between us, IÑbe safe out there." She didn't touch him but only barely managed to quell the urge. "IÑ" The door burst open to reveal Harry. "Cormac isn't breathing." As it turned out, he'd been hit with a dark curse and they needed two sets of hands and thirty minutes of work to bring Cormac back from the brink. When he finally regained consciousness, Harry and Draco were already back in the field. Padma and Susan reviewed Hermione's quick research into the long-term effects of the spell he'd been hit with while she dressed his wounds. Immediately, Cormac's eyes went wild and he began struggling, bucking, and trying to talk despite not being able to. Padma had to force Calming Draught down his throat to get him to relax. His last words before falling into an unconscious slumber were slurred and unintelligible, but he stared at Hermione, mouth moving, until his eyes closed. The sight left her unsettled until things finally calmed enough for them to leave. It was nearly three in the morning when Hermione stepped out of the Malfoys' Floo. Draco wasn't back yet. Not surprising. But that didn't stop her from checking on Scorpius, who was fast asleep under the projected stars. Narcissa was also resting. It was an uneventful night, according to Keating, who was knitting something for her grandchildren. Hermione showered off the day, changed, and took her potions. Too restless and sore for sleep, she found herself sitting on the sofa by the fireplace in Draco's office. No, who was she kidding? She was waiting. Thinking. Letting the adrenaline of the entire night pass and fade until clarity took its place and forced her to ponder over everything she'd learned and the words that had been said. Hermione covered herself in his blanket and laid down, eyes heavy but open. She knew. No matter how much she tried to fight, wanting was harder than the work it would take to ultimately obtain it. The changes. The room she would have to make to fill the void. Was it worth the struggle? She had no idea but maybeÉ Maybe Padma was right. It wasn't something she had to decide on her own. Knowledge didn't always come from research and theoretics; sometimes it came from action. Sometimes it required taking that step andÉ clearing a messy desk, expanding a greenhouse, and breaking old habits in order to make room. Like Draco had. Yes, there was fear of failure, the fear of starting again, and the battle she fought within herself as she tried to reconcile her heart with her mind and independent soul. But there was another, stronger fear growing. The fear of missing out. And that was enough to stay where she was and wait, but eventually sleep caught up. She dreamed of nothing and everything. Emptiness and potential. Like a fire's presence in a cold room, dreams licked at her skin. Blooming lilies, childish giggles, and stargazing with an older Scorpius nestled between them. Everything blurred and shifted to dreams so visceral she felt like she was awake. Hermione could almost see the happiness in Draco's eyes, hear echoes of promises they exchanged, smell the roses surrounding them, feel his hand in hers, taste the smile on his lips. On and on she drifted until she dreamed of nothing else at all. Falling in love with Draco had been like winding down after a day. Not because she wanted to, but because she had to. It was late, the day ahead was long, and it was time. And, like sleep, love was effortless once she stopped fighting. Once the hesitations settled and the carousel of thoughts slowed to a halt, allowing her mind to relax enough for her heart to take over was natural. Realising she was in love was as disorienting as waking up knowing she'd fallen asleep on the sofa but finding herself in a bed. Their bed. Unlike Orpheus to Eurydice, she didn't have to turn around to know in her heart that he was there with her. Steady. Safe. Real. More than a feeling, love was the choice she finally made by letting go of the edge of the precipice she'd been dangling from. Acceptance came with surrender. True peace was in the free fall. At first, dreams seem impossible, then improbable, and eventually inevitable. Christopher Reeve Chapter End Notes A/N: Frustration with Hermione has been at an all-time high, but I like a human edge in my works. Might not agree about her choices or even parts of her characterization but I've never in my life knew someone who was 100% everything I liked. I make the narrative choices based off what this Hermione would do rather than what I would do myself. Everything, back even to chapter one, set this course up. Hope you all caught and enjoyed the callbacks to earlier chapters in this one. There are many. The time I took to fact check myself was hilariously long. LOL! Art for this chapter: Family Portrait by pollux_ & Scorpius in Cactus Costume by theartofmiha & The Greenhouse by rideboldlyride Chapter35: Peace In Pieces Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Thirty Five Peace In Pieces November 11, 2011 Snow moved like time. Elusive, yet in constant motion, it swirled and flew by. The view from Hermione's conservatory was, to employ a clichŽ, awe-inspiring. White dusted reds, golds, and evergreens. Drinking in the moment, she enjoyed the vision of beauty summarised by the single word reverberating in her head. Change. Like time, this change wasn't permanent. Just as one hour only lasted until the next, it was too early in the season for any of the snow to stick, but that didn't stop it from falling. Snow abided by no rules and cared little about the inconvenience of blurring two seasons into one. Only two hours had passed since the first flakes dusted the window in a rush, but in that time, it ebbed and flowed, clinging to every surface it touched. Beneath the beauty lay the truth of two seasons battling for dominance. The autumn sun sat high in the sky, peeking curiously through the thin clouds and stretching shadows across everything it reached. The winter wind whistled its tune, and the trees swayed in time, losing their leaves in its current before they fell to the ground. This was only the first of many fights before autumn retreated and winter stood victorious. Fitting, really. Hermione touched the glass. A chill seeped through the panes. Winter wasn't Hermione's favourite time of year, but now that it entered her periphery, she realised its purpose wasn't just darkness and dormancy. It was a season for expansion, which could only occur through letting go of the things she'd outgrown. It was the only way to evolve beyond what she knew. It was time. Hermione found herself at peaceÑready to make way, accept, and embrace whatever was to come. The transition wasn't going to be easy, but it would be worth it. She hadn't created her change, hadn't conceived it, but it was time to handle it. She used to believe that timing was everything, but learned that everything was timing. Forever learning, now she was finding balance in the midst of the chaos. The sensation wasn't simply falling or flying, she'd learned it was more of a rapid descent at a ferocious velocity. Still, Hermione hadn't hesitated over the previous days, but she hadn't rushed either. In truth, she had no desire to discuss any of it until everything was set in motion. So, Hermione spent her days planning and plotting, locking herself in her office between therapy sessions and time with Scorpius. Her determination to keep everything running smoothly for him was prioritised around the meetings she'd taken, the deals she'd made, and the conversations she'd had. Busy with the fallout of the Quidditch game attacks, investigating Greyback sightings, and a Ministry on the brink of disaster, Draco hadn't been around very much. When she did see him, most of the time they weren't alone, and the few times they were, it was hard to ignore the distance he kept. Sometimes he began to unconsciously reach before stopping himself by shoving his hands in his pockets or bunching his fists at his sides. He was a ghost in their bed each night, there after she fell asleep but gone before she woke. The only remnant of his presence was waning warmth on freshly smoothed sheets. Hermione always knew when she hadn't slept alone, and the tea he left each morning was an unspoken affirmation. Seeing these moments made it hard not to speak words and focus on actions. But Hermione stuck to her plan. Worked. Drafted. Coordinated. Now, with everything set in motion, it was time to implement change. And, on a nondescript day after letting go, Hermione did just that. She took her eyes off the falling snow and turned to the man sipping tea at the table while he perused her proposal. If Theo had been surprised her name appeared that morning on his Magi-Scheduler, he hadn't expressed it upon his arrival. After accepting the tea she'd made for him, there was no small talk. What she wanted was laid out in words, ready to be put into action. Her decision was made. Each time the ever-blank faced Theo turned a page, a coil of anxiety tightened in her gut, but Hermione grounded herself in the confidence of her choice. This was the right thing. Rather than hover, she glanced around the conservatory, catching sight of the Touch-Me-Not that had grown so much in the last few monthsÑnot unlike many other things that had been weighing on her mind recently. Exhaling her resolve, she turned back to Theo again. But he still wasn't finished. In all fairness, the proposal was thirty handwritten pages divided into three main sections with multiple portions subdivided further. He was reading the third draft. Theo took his time flipping each page carefully, only sneaking surreptitious glances at her every so often. In truth, Hermione could have paced the length of the room, or worked on little tasks, but instead, she pulled out a chair, sat down, and waited for him to finish, watching for any signs of his innermost thoughts. Minutes ticked on, cresting the top of the next hour and through the first quarter of it before Theo turned over the final piece of parchment. He then finished his tea and sat back. Hermione reached to refill his cup, but he stopped her with a shake of his head and a hand over the teacup. Apparently, he was ready to talk. "It's interesting how time seems to pass slowly, yet it still manages to catch us by surprise." Theo met her gaze with a gravity that equalled her own. "Like an hourglass, unless we're watching closely, rather than living through it, we don't see how much sand has gathered, drop by drop through the centre, until it's formed a mountain." Patience tempered Hermione's urge to immediately leap and push for clarification. Instead, she sipped her tea and internally grimaced at her attempt to replicate Draco's tea from that morning. It was a poor imitation. She hadn't steeped it for long enough. "It's hard to believe this month is nearly halfway over." Hermione rose to her feet and returned to the window. A small snowdrift was building on her swing and capping the pickets of the fence that divided her garden from the pasture. "Also hard to believe how cold it's gotten over the last few days." Theo took his time joining her at the glass wall. "I suppose it's fitting that it should snow when it's not supposed to." He sounded faintly amused. "Weather is perplexing like that." "That's the beauty of it, I think." Hermione barely reached Theo's shoulder, but the space between them gave her room enough to see him without craning her neck uncomfortably. "Gardening forces me to pay attention to weather patterns. It's constantly changing and each day you learn something new." "Like life, in a way." "I've always thought that. As unpredictable as the weather can be, there's power in it, too." The warmth of the conservatory was enough for the snowflakes to melt as soon as they touched the glass. They watched the snow blanket the vegetable garden. A phantom chill left her hugging her chest despite the sun's futile attempts to combat the cold. Theo picked up one of Scorpius' rehabilitation plants: a small succulent that was now beginning to bloom. "Do you remember our first meeting about Narcissa's case?" "Yes." The question caught her off guard. "Nearly eight months ago." It seemed more like a lifetime. The calculated silences she used to utilise to dissect and extract the true meaning of his words and actions were long over. Now, she just listened, equipped with a better understanding of who Theo was: not omnipotent, he was flawed and human. Hermione found it hard to remember what their friendship was like in March, but now it felt solid enough to touch. Perhaps the last eight months had stripped her of her ignorance about the connections she hadn't known the depth of before. Perhaps the last eight months had reinforced them as well. Not too long ago, the threads of support, linked together and wrapped around her routine like a safety net, were quite literally holding her together. "Everything changes." "Yes, it does, no matter how much you wish otherwise." Theo placed the small plant back where it belonged. "Or how easy it is for things to remain the same." A look passed between them. In it laid a truth and understanding that required no words. "I'll confess there are times I wish I hadn't asked this of you." Theo's eyes returned to the visage beyond the panes of glass. "That you'd held firm to your reasons for saying no." "Really?" "It was a selfish gamble, but you were my best option for her." He combed his fingers through his hair. "In hindsight, of course, I wouldn't change a thing. This assignment was just what you needed. A push out of your comfort zone." "More like a shove off a cliff, if we're being honest." A rueful chuckle escaped. "I tumbled the entire way down, hitting failure as often as success in the process." "That you did." When Theo laughed, his shoulders shook, and she couldn't help but smile with him. Hers faded when silence began to stretch as long as the shadows painting the garden beyond the conservatory walls. "Now that you've landed, have you decided?" "I don't think I've landed just yet, still in the freefall, but yes." Hermione closed her eyes for a moment and inhaled. "I need to do this, ethics aside. This move will ultimately benefit everyone involved. Roger isÑ" "Ecstatic, I'm certain." "I've never seen him so happy." She couldn't help the lilt in her voice at the memory of his wide smile at the prospect. He'd even invited her for a drink to celebrate her proposal and his acceptance. Hermione had declined, citing her current inability, a therapy appointment, and other business to tend to. "It's all a bit scary, actually." Theo made a small, chuffed noise. "So, you've finally figured out what you want." "I wasn't aware that you knew I was looking." And, in some ways, neither was she. Not for this and certainly not for them. Or him. "You were comfortable and content, but not satisfied." "You could say that." She knew he wasn't wrong. "Though I wasn't aware of it at the time." "You have a tendency to keep yourself busy for noble reasons, but also battle ennui you don't even realise you have. Then you begin to take on too much andÉ" He slipped his hands into the pockets of his navy trousers. "I find it's easier to watch rather than interject or try to orchestrate." Hermione snorted. "Don't tell me youÑ" "Not at first, no." His eyes seemed to scan the treeline before landing on her. "I was surprised when I began picking up the hints. Curious, even. If I turned a blind eye to some things, well Ñ" His smile was slow and a bit boyish. "In the end, here you are, ready to fly." "In order to do so, I have to give up the ground I'm standing on." She'd said the same thing to Draco months ago under an endless expanse of stars. Back then, she'd had control issues that hadn't allowed her to take any leap. But nowÉ "You're right." Theo's sidelong glance was part curious, part conspiratorial. "Does Draco know?" "I wanted this all to be set in motion before I told him. We have to talk, but I'd rather not until after Astoria's anniversary." Hermione was determined to be respectful to her memory. "Ten days." "ThatÉ Hm." Theo was uncharacteristically hesitant. "While that is a good idea, are you certain about waiting?" "IÑhonestly, I don't know." "Elaborate." "The timing isn't great, but I think I've been trying to replicate a semblance of normality we've never really had. We've always been intense. I've been curious, on edge, and drawn to him, if only to figure him out. Casual has never been in our vocabulary and I'mÑI'm torn." "Draco is a lot of things, but he isn't casual. At least, not about his heart, but that's something I, too, have learned in the last few months." Theo placed a hand on her shoulder for a moment before returning it to his side. "Much like a dragon's belly, it's the weakest part of him. He knows it." Nodding at the treeline, she remembered every detail of the artistic depiction of his heart. He'd openly shared it with her for weeks now. Some parts she traced with her fingers after he slept, and other pieces held no meaning to her yet. Maybe one day Draco would tell her the story of each part and how they became the whole. "I recall a time when he hated this weak part of him, even wrestled with it, but I think that's another thing Astoria and Scorpius have changed in him. I think he's struggled, but I believe he's found this peace with himself because of you grounding him." Hermione chuckled. "Pretty certain I inspire more frustration thanÑ" "You forget the peace found in the eye of every storm." The words lingered between them like motes of dust suspended in still air. "When do you plan to tell him?" "IÑ" She rubbed the back of her neck before drawing her cardigan tighter around her, despite not being cold. "I don't want him to think I'm doing this for any reason other than the truth." "Which isÉ" "He's my choice." The first she'd made for herself in a long time. "Draco was right to back away. I would have dragged my feet for ages knowing I didn't have to make any decisions to maintain the comfort of it all. I've done this before." Theo gave her a look. He had seen it, too. "I'm all over the place emotionally, but it has to do with my desire for all the pieces of my life and future to fit together perfectly. But it's not just up to me. At least, it doesn't have to be anymore. In all my relationships, romantic and otherwise, I've always carried most of the weight, not realising that, with the right person, I wouldn't have to." Years spent laying the groundwork with her parents, holding her peace when she needed to speak. Staying with Ron and working to fix something that was years beyond its expiration date. Giving pieces of herself to anyone in need and not accepting anything in return. Overthinking everything with Draco. "I was hesitant at first, because I wasn't ready for things to change, but a lot of good advice and support has led me here." "Committing fully." Theo shifted his weight. "And Narcissa?" Hermione cringed. "That's the next bridge I'm going to cross." "Good luck." "I'm going to need it." "I'm not sure how she'll feel about you and Draco's relationship, but at least she likes you in her own way." Theo rocked back on his heels and tsked under his breath. "As your patient, she might not be ready to let you go." "It's not like I'm leaving." Hermione nervously twisted the end of her braid. "I'm going to stay on unofficially to help her transition over to Charles' care while recovering. Now that she's at least amenable to occupational therapy, he's up for the challenge and willing to stay until the end. I know it's not explicitly against my contract, but the lines are too blurred and compromised for me to stay on. Have been for quite some time, if I'm being honest. I've just been stubborn and probably a bit blind." His hand returned to her shoulder, the grip a comfortable weight. "If you need anythingÑ" "As my boss, I only need your approval for my medical sabbatical and permission to start the Lead Researcher position when I complete my studies and training. But as a friend, IÑno, we will need your support." "You already have that. All of it. Did you think otherwise?" "I thought you would argue with me more about it." Hermione shot him a sardonic look. "This is the assignment you pushed me to take, after all." "Why would I resist?" Theo's eyes were earnest. He took his hand back again, running his fingers through his hair. "I would be a hypocrite if I stopped you. You deserve the same happiness Astoria asked me to make sure they both have; the happiness she wanted me to find for myself. If this is what I need to do to fulfil that request, if this is what I can do for you both, consider it done, without hesitation." His words made Hermione feel as though he was relinquishing something to her. Something that was hers to protect. "Thank you." "These next ten days will be hard for them both." Hermione nodded with understanding. "Draco has beenÉ quiet and moody. I now understand that it likely has to do with a combination of factors warring for his attention all at once. What has transpired between you two that has prompted you to make this move, the Death Eater sightings, the upheaval at the Ministry, Cormac McLaggen not waking up, and the first anniversary. It's a lot for anyone to handle, and though I'm positive he'd never ask for it, he'll need your support." "And what about you? GriefÑ" "Is about honouring love and her memory. Isn't that what you told me before?" His eyes returned to Scorpius' table of rehabilitation plants. "Both of which are easy. I do it every day, but letting go of the pain is a process." Theo stepped back from her side and returned to the table to gather her proposal. "It would be a disservice to Draco to allow him to go into that day thinking he's alone." Long after Theo left, Hermione stayed by the window, watching the snow slow until it stopped. As ironic as it was, change was the only thing that remained constant, and everything she had done in preparation for it was actually for the transition. Everything. Hermione bravely held on to Theo's words as she stepped through the Floo that brought her to Draco's office. The goal was to clear the air between them of the palpable tension, but he wasn't there. Nor did he return during the first half hour she waited. Hermione stared at the rows of books, organised senselessly, and watched the diamonds spin over the map. All the while, she mentally rearranged the words she was ready to say into some semblance of a coherent thought. The second half hour was spent studying the runes on the side of the Pensieve and watering the plants in the terrarium to distract herself. Or try to. In the end, it was something unexpected that stole her attention. A tingle of magic made her skin prickle when she leaned against his desk. Curious, Hermione looked at the tidy surface. Nothing looked different. Finite Incantatem removed some sort of concealing charm. Thought you might want these. -Daphne The note sat next to his inkpot, and just behind it were three identical frames. But it was the pictures within them that made her heart race. The memories. One of her and Scorpius dancing together at the wedding, their smiles bright as she spun him around. The second was from Halloween, just the three of them. Scorpius' grin was so wide it forced his eyes shut. Hermione remembered the phantom weight of Draco's gaze, but what she didn't know at the time, what she couldn't see without the photo in front of her, was the way they traded sidelong glances out of sync. One second sooner and they would have caught the other. But the third photo was one she hadn't known existed. Just the two of them. Watching the firework display, lights danced in their eyes. Bundled in his jacket, leaned against him, Hermione's focus was on the sky and hisÉ was on her. Contemplative and stoic. And, beneath it all, evident only in the slight curl of his lips, was affection. It was just as well that Draco never came. She wouldn't have been able to find the words anyway. November 13, 2011 The greenhouse expansion began at dawn. Neville took charge of the charms while Hermione stood aside and watched with an excited Luna, a fully recovered Ron, and a yawning Dean. Complex magic stretched the space to its new dimensions before their eyes. Once finished, she stood in the centre of the empty space, trying not to feel too overwhelmed by the size. After all, there was a plan to use the entire space. A layout. The three men got to work with their wands, creating the sections and pathways, while Luna set up the new speakers for the greenhouse. Luna was adamant that the plants enjoyed the ambiance, too. Hermione followed her friend as she went row by row talking to the plants about their new homes, and by the time they finished preparing everything to move, the space was ready. Triple the size of her old greenhouse, compared to the cramped space behind her, it looked enormous. And as the plants were arranged on new tables with flicks of each person's wand, and as trees housed in pots were moved to a different corner, the space began to open. Dean and Ron were chatting while taking a break mid-morning on a bench with Luna wedged between them. Hermione wandered over to find Neville standing next to a large square of soil in the centre of the greenhouse. Oddly enough, there were two more dirt areas open in the floor that weren't nearly as large. "Some trees do better in containers, like all of your citrus trees, but others have shallow roots that spread out rather than down and won't freeze in the winter." Given all the new arrivals, Hermione didn't ask which trees would fit that description. She would have months to get her bearings and learn her new place. Looking up, she realised something else had changed. "Why did you lift the roof?" "To increase the air volume, which slows the change in temperature. It'll also help with ventilation. You have charms to regulate the temperature, but given the complex magic that holds this place together, I thought it might be best to do some things naturally. I've only set the charms to alert if it becomes too hot or cool." "Makes sense." Neville opened the book in his hand. The layout. "I'll show you where everything will go. There will be a lot of space now, even after the Malfoy greenhouse is empty. Plenty of room Ñ" "To grow." She remembered her dream for this place. Neville was quiet as they walked. "How's therapy?" "Physical or mental?" "Both." "Mind isÉ I'm talking, much to my therapist's surprise." Not much about Scorpius or Draco, but more about past issues she put off for later. "I'll need to talk to my mother at some point. Honestly, I could use all the help I can get with that one." He gave a low whistle of understanding. "Physical isÉ there are a lot of test results I'm waiting for Susan to review." Hermione sighed. "At first, she thought it was psychosomatic rather than nerve damage, but now she thinks it might be both." Neville winced. "A slight permanent tremor, at the least, but I'm strangely okay with it. Opening my hand is getting easier, even if I can't hold anything yet. I'm getting better at casting with my left hand, and I can do wandless with my right." "Still rushing back to normal?" "No, I'm just taking it one step at a time. I assist Padma as needed, and we've both been preoccupied trying to figure out why Cormac hasn't woken up yet. It's helped keep my mind stimulated. I'm also transitioning Narcissa's care to Charles on a more official basis. For as much as I need to slow down, I don't think I'll ever be able to completely stop." "No, you won't." Neville smiled and shook his head. "That's something I respect about you, even if I also would like to see you do more for yourself." "I'm taking a leave of absence with a tentative return date once I finish classes and training. I'll be coordinating with Charles Smith as we produce and continue testing the efficacy and long term effects of Narcissa's potion. We'll also be testing it against other variables in search of a cure, not just to Narcissa's disease, but potentially to other magical neurological diseases as well." "That soundsÑwow. Back to Healer Academy." "It's a shift in specialty, so I'll need proper training." "A restart." "Yes, and until then, I plan to focus on things that are important to me." Neville appeared impressed but said nothing else on the subject. He led the way, showing her where things would go, making certain the map was accurateÑfor Scorpius' sake. "Oh, before the kids come, I started asking other professors and the general consensus is that a fire of that magnitude would take dozens of bodies to either put out or contain long enough for it to burn itself out." The idea sounded chaotic. "But, I was thinkingÉ" Neville shut the book and held it to his chest as he turned to her. "The fire is in stasis right now, neither burning nor extinguishing. The fastest way to starve a fire is to deprive it of oxygen. Not certain how that applies to cursed flames, but it might be worth exploration. What does Malfoy know about it?" Neville gave a single-armed shrug in response to her incredulous look. "What? I've had a crash course in Malfoy. Had to, given the way he just showed up with his plans already laid out. I know he's at least taken a look into how to put the fire out." Hermione didn't doubt that either. "He's likely the only one who has." But not anymore. Hermione ruminated over Neville's idea for the rest of the tour and the walk back to the house with Luna. The snow was long gone, the ground was too warm for anything to stick, but the wind hadn't let up. It was a blustery day that made them both bundle up. While Luna stood still, cheeks flushed from the cold, blonde head tilted to the cloudy skies, Hermione checked the charms she'd set over the vegetable garden to protect the plants from the unseasonably cold weather. They looked good. Luna skipped over with a bright smile, grabbed Hermione by the hand, and tugged her away from her task. "Let's visit the fireflies." "It's too cold for them." "True." Luna pondered, tapping her chin with her gloved finger. "Better idea. Let's go and congratulate the naked trees and the fallen leaves." "That makes no sense." "It must be hard being you sometimes." The expression Luna gave her was one afforded to someone who'd had a tough life. It was as if she were truly sorry for the linear way Hermione's logical mind made her see the world. Before Hermione could vocalise her offence, Luna moved on, pulling her along past the coop and into the field beyond. In comparison to Hermione, who blended with the landscape around them, Luna was boldly dressed in every colour on the spectrum. Nothing matched, right down to her raccoon earring in one ear and turnip earring in the other, but that had always been part of her charm. Luna took off her orange knitted hat, and put it on Hermione's head, before folding the flaps over her ears. "You should never lose heat from your head." Hermione blinked. She would have said something, but Luna linked their arms and off they went. The stroll took them along the stream and to the edge of her wards. The air was crisp and clean, and the breeze was refreshing, despite it being brisk. Their breaths crystallised in the air. The woods beyond were asleep with dormant trees, and the ground was stitched with empty branches and littered with leaves. They didn't cross the invisible line, only observed the fallen trees she'd never heard and watched as small animals scattered at the sound of their footsteps. Life. As they walked the border, Hermione noted all the signs of it. "We celebrate naked trees because they've earned their rest." Luna touched the trunk of the oak tree they stood beside. They both peered up before she led the way past it, parallel to the invisible line of her wards. "We celebrate the leaves on their journey to see what's beyond." "Can we go back? Pansy should be finished." The days were shorter and the sun was nearing its peak. With each passing day, it grew cooler, and the ground would soon freeze, but Hermione hoped it would wait until the vegetable patch was ready. By the time Luna and Hermione shed their jackets and scarves on the sofa and ventured upstairs, Pansy was just completing her assessment. The floating quill beside her head scratched notes as the measuring tape stretched itself from end to end. Width then height. "How is it going?" Hermione made her presence known, coming to stand next to her friend. Luna walked to the lone window and frowned. "Nearly finished." Pansy put her hands on her hips. "Do you want my opinion?" "Always." "Lies." Pansy rolled her eyes. "Anyway, the other room won't be difficult. It just needs paint and furniture, but to do what you want in here, it'll require either expansion charms or a wall removal." "I'd prefer this to be done without magic, just as we've done for all the renovations. Feels permanent that way." "And that's what you want, right?" "Yes." Pansy worried at her bottom lip, and after exchanging several looks with Luna, she rolled her eyes and exhaled a petulant sigh. "Sorry about yelling at you." "Did Luna make you say that?" "No, but I understand now. You were trying to navigate your feelings and I essentially tried to wring your neck. You've always been so private with everything, the only thing we know is what we find out accidentally. Honestly, I thought you were either going to drag him along or deny everything." "Historically, you would have been correct." "Defending Draco is the only way I've been able to protect him over the years. He never asks for help, he just takes the brunt of everything on his own. I know how he feels about you and think I was so absorbed in my own issues with Percy that I didn't notice your feelings for him. Daphne knew. Ginny did, too. AndromedaÑ" Pansy frowned. "Actually, Draco told me to stay out of it and leave you alone, but I was furious." "I've kept a lot of things to myself, and then the attack at St Mungo's happened and the focus shifted. I'm still getting used to it, reaching out, asking, and understanding that it's not a weakness to lean on people. I'm still getting used to wantingÑI still haven't had a moment to talk to him." "I imagine not with everything going on. The investigations, dealing with providing guards to injured Wizengamot members, as well as the rest who are too terrified to even come to the Ministry. Any one of those on their own is a lot, much less all of them at once." Hermione frowned. "Tiberius has been calling for justice everywhere, but not at his nephew's side." "Has the flobberworm woken up yet?" "We mustn't insult the flobberworms." Luna shot Pansy a dark look. "They've done nothing wrong." Pansy pursed her lips. "Has the parasite woken up yet?" Luna tilted her head but allowed it. "No, he hasn't. Theo's only letting trusted staff care for him." Susan, along with two other Healers who had been vetted rigorously. Hermione had been at his bedside inadvertently because of Padma. Why? Because the only time Cormac responded to anything was when Hermione spoke. His eyes would open. Their focus was weak and dazed, but steadily on her nonetheless. He wasn't lucid, staring and blinking slowly, but when she occasionally spoke to him, his mouth would move as if trying to answer. At first, it was nothing but rasped breaths and garbled sounds, but two days ago, his finger twitched. Hermione had to stop a French Task Force member standing guard from drawing her wand. "The moon sometimes forgets it's not alone." Luna's airy voice broke the silence. They both looked at the witch, who was sitting on the windowsill, legs swinging while she smiled like she held a secret. "He's surrounded by countless stars, some closer than others, and the sun he gets his light from. There's also the earth he can't bear to part from. The earth who, without him, would never have slowed down long enough for life to form." I'm Earth. Who are you? The moon. "That was random." Pansy sounded more confused than ever. "The moon? It's daylight." Luna's smile faded into something knowing, and her eyes never left Hermione's. "Talk to the moon." "IÑI haven't had a chance." Pansy cleared her throat. "Would someone care to explain what the fuck that means?" Hermione couldn't say anything for a long moment as blue eyes bore into her. When Luna finally looked away, she hopped off the windowsill, skipped over to gather the blueprints off the table, and approached Hermione, who took them from her friend. "I told Neville that I love him because he doesn't have Nargles." Luna tugged on her raccoon earring lightly. "You could always say that." "So romantic." Pansy only grinned when Hermione elbowed her. "Does Draco have Nargles?" "They left when Hermione was unconscious." Luna wandered a winding path to the wall before she reached out and touched it. "You should paint the room next door a pale yellow." "That's a bit surprising for a guest room." "I think it would fit perfectly." Luna smiled brightly, scribbling nonsensical symbols on the wall with her fingertips. "Surprises are always so wonderful." They exchanged looks and shook their heads, watching their odd friend speak to the wall as Hermione looked down at the blueprint in her hands. "I'll call my team when you're ready and everyone gets screened by security. They'll start with the addition downstairs." Pansy pointed at the wall on the blueprint that would need to come down for that to happen. "It'll branch off the living room and add value to your house, should you ever decide to sell." "I don't care about value. I only care about if this space will have enough room." "It will. Anything else you care about?" "Making it a home that doesn't just belong to me." "It already is." Luna radiated a hopeful happiness when she joined her friends. "Home is the people, right? Not the place." Hermione couldn't help but smile. "You're right." A knock on the door made all three turn to see Ron as he walked in the doorway. He was sweaty from working on the greenhouse, flushed, and slightly hunchedÑHermione quietly noted the need to raise the door frame. "Umm, Ginny just got here with the kids. Dean's walking Albus and Scorpius to the trees, and I volunteered to come get you so Narcissa Malfoy would stop frowning at me." Pansy clearly had a quip prepared, but stopped and scowled. "Be grateful for Bones. She's the only reason I'm holding my tongue." Ron's beaming smile didn't fade, even after Pansy took Luna and the blueprints and left them alone. Hermione shoved her hands into her pockets and rocked back on her heels. All was quiet between them for several moments as Ron looked around. "Finally doing something with this empty room?" "Yes." Another silence fell, but it didn't last long. "This might be a weird question, but are we okay?" "Of course." This was certainly not the conversation she was expecting. "Why wouldn't we be?" "IÑwell, I'm moving on and you'reÑ" "Happy for you." Hermione meant it. No matter what. "As your friend, I support you. Just as I hope you'll support me. I can't say I'm moving on, I already did that, but I will say I'm expanding." "Yeah." He rubbed the back of his neck. "I don't think it'll be easy for me. Susan isÑI guess watching our relationship and then watching me chase after you for as long as I did, plus Lisa, I thinkÑI'm not sure she's ever going to take me seriously." "Are you serious?" "Yes, IÑ" Ron blushed and cleared his throat. "I didn't really notice her until she silenced me at the pub, but then at the party and when you were unconscious, sheÑevery time she gave me a status update for your parents, she sounded worn out. I just, I dunno, started bringing her coffee and then food, and I started asking her about her, and then I actually listened and wanted to know more." Hermione smiled. "I hope you didn't cook forÑ" "No, she'd hate me. Maybe I'll learn." Ron barked out a laugh, but it faded into something thoughtful. "I don't know what'll happen, maybe nothing, it's weird being uncomfortable and excited at the same time, but that's how I feel. I remember everything you said to me, and this time I'll do better." Hermione understood because she would, too. November 15, 2011 The arrangement around the circular table at the early morning restoration meeting was both a gift and a curse. Close yet distant, Draco sat right across from her, but he kept his eyes trained elsewhere as his quill scribbled notes. He listened to Kingsley, when he spoke at the beginning of the meeting, and paid attention to each person during their status updates. Other than one comment to answer a question, he was silent. And if Hermione was being honest, she focused more on him than anything else. It was habit by now. Not worrying or uncomfortable, it just was. Seeing him made all of her efforts not to think about him futile. Made her more keen to talk to him after. Kingsley sat on one end, Percy directly across, and her and Draco occupied the east and west while everyone else filled in between. With the announcement of Kingsley's bid for Minister imminent, there were other matters everyone wished to discuss. Namely nominations for Kingsley's advisors. They were all trusted positions, and everyone had their opinions on who should fill the spots. The man himself sat in patient silence, not speaking, only listening. His hands were folded on the table as each person gave their recommendations, thoughts, and opinions for consideration. And though they disagreed on many of the advisor positions Kingsley would ultimately decide for himself, each pointed to one person as the next in line. Percy Weasley. They wanted him to be groomed to be the next candidate, should Kingsley decide to retire permanently. Percy was a natural leader, experienced with the restoration, from a family of war heroes, and well liked. Respectable. Kingsley didn't seem surprised by the nomination, but Percy was. "I appreciate the consideration, but running the Ministry is not in my long-term aspirations." Which piqued Hermione's interest. He was more than capable, yet apparently unwilling. From his tone, the choice was firm, and Hermione was reminded he hadn't made it with only himself in mind. There was a second variable in his equation. Pansy. "That being said," Percy continued in the stilted silence of the room. "If I am considered for an advisory opportunity, I would like to continue my current position as well. I value my work at the Ministry, and even in the office of the Minister, but IÑ" "Have a life," Kingsley finished, nodding sagely. "And that will be taken into consideration with my decision, of course, as I also intend to keep my bees." There was a rumble of chuckles. Apparently, they thought he was making a joke. A sharp look killed the noise. "I hardly think you will have time for beekeeping." The Head of the Department of Mysteries looked incredulous. "There will be much to undo. You won't be able toÑ" "I will." Kingsley's face remained perfectly even. "Something I have learned in my retirement is that life is about maintaining balance between each facetÑalways fluid, never stagnant. If anyone believes I will be a slave to the Ministry, please let me know so I can step down immediately." Everyone began shifting uncomfortably. Draco's quill stopped as he peered up, eyes scanning the room. The backpedalling was instant. "That isn't at all what I was suggesting. I was merely statingÑ" "Beekeeping is more than just a hobby, it is my passion. It was the bees that reminded me of the reasons I should come back." He gave Hermione a quick look and appreciative nod. She lowered her head then lifted her eyes, catching a pair across the table that reminded her she hadn't been alone that day. Their talk with Kingsley was yet another moment shared. "Perhaps we should change the subject, as this is all currently hypothetical." Percy cleared his throat. "We should focus on nailing Tiberius to the proverbial wall." "Has Cormac woken yet?" The question came from somewhere on Hermione's right. "No." Hermione had only just left the hospital the night before. No signs of improvement apart from the sporadic hand and leg movements. She and Padma weren't sure what to make of the development, so she called for a meeting with all the teams to compare observations. They were currently awaiting results. "Have we secured his memories?" the Ministry's librarian asked, raising a brow at Hermione's visible recoil. "I understand there was an inquiry about yours, Miss Granger, and Tiberius wanted to extract them while you were unconscious. However, this is different." "I don't see how." She crossed her legs, levelling the witch seated two people away from Draco with a hard look. "It's unethical, so no, we haven't extracted his memories because he cannot currently consent. We also have no way of knowing the condition of his mind, and his heart has already stopped twice. When he wakes, we'll have a better idea and at that point we willÑ" "This is a different circumstance, and decisions must be made toÑ" "We will do this the right and legal way, or we are no better than them," Hermione snapped. "Miss Granger." The Head of the Department of Mysteries sounded slippery with his interjection. "While we are all pleased to see you on the mend afterÑ" "Please spare me the platitudes." Hermione's words were out before she could pull them back. "Say what you have to say so I can continue to make my point." "Very well, I think your judgment is clouded by what happened to you. You are part of the care team for Cormac McLaggen, and have the opportunity to seize something we need, yet you have notÑ" "My judgment is sound." Hermione rested her hands on the arms of the chair, straightened her spine, and took a deep breath. "We will not steal his memories. We'll acquire them legally. End of discussion." Hermione stared at the wizard then locked eyes with everyone else she thought might want to comment. No one said a thing. Harry's foot nudged hers. Only then did she notice the tension in the clench of her jaw. I'm fine, she mouthed to her best friend. He didn't believe her. Across the table, Draco sat his quill down and leaned back. "How are the translations going?" Hermione didn't hear who asked the question, too focused on the person ready to answer it. "Smoothly." Draco peered over at the Head of Games and Sports. "I've sent all prospects to Percy. Have you had any successes?" "We have the two options that you sent currently working their way through our chain of command," Percy said. " Should they hold true, we will need to act swiftly on the remaining Wizengamot members, as we will require a two-thirds vote for anything to pass. They are down ten seats, and the others are in fear of their lives after the attack at the Quidditch game. For all of Tiberius' declarations, they are not safe and I believe they know this. We can use that to sway their opinions of him and, in turn, their votes." "The Minister is still in office. Should we push this now, if we use their fear and succeed, we'll give power to a barely-competent Minister before an election Kingsley has yet to step into." The Librarian turned her attention to Kingsley. "You need to issue a public statement." "And set Tiberius off?" The Head of Games and Sports scoffed. "No. Not yet." "Perhaps we should shift away from overruling the law and focus on bringing Tiberius down." Draco flipped through a few pieces of parchment. "Something to do with the secret meetings he takes. We all know there's nothing right or legal with the way he handles things. Let's focus on that weakness and exploit it for public consumption." "We have yet to figure out exactly what that entails." "The beetle." Percy exchanged a look with Draco. "We're scheduled to talk, if you want in." Draco couldn't hide his intrigue. "I do." The Head of the Department of Mysteries cleared his throat. "How exactly does your idea work, Mr Malfoy?" "It's simple." Grey eyes cut over to the man whose tone was dripping with condescension, and while Draco seemed more relaxed than he was a few minutes before, Hermione could tell he was gearing up for battle. "Cut the head off the snake and the body will die. Depose Tiberius and it will also bring down the Minister by proxy. They're symbiotic." Hermione made a small noise that drew everyone's attention. "He has a point. Even if the Wizengamot remains in control, they're in a state of panic. Some of them are just as corrupt as Tiberius, too. There's no doubt in my mind they're using the chaos to purge their sins." "Exactly." Now, Draco was talking to her. "They don't trust Tiberius enough to even set foot in the Ministry now, and not one of them is capable of taking over the role, which is why it will be easy to depose him and the Minister, then strong-arm them into bringing Kingsley back in the interim." "With the election coming, regardless of when Kingsley steps in, he would be guaranteed to Ñ" Only when someone coughed did Hermione realise everyone was watching them. "What you're both saying makes sense." The Head of Magical Artefacts leaned forward and looked around the table. "The problem is that Tiberius has gone off the rails to keep power. He's expecting a coup like this, and I wouldn't be surprised if he's already made moves to protect himself." She and Draco exchanged looks with Harry, Kingsley, and Percy. What they knew about her memory along with Cormac's attack kept them all silent. "He's all but locked himself away, is not doing his job, and isn't accepting visitors or attending Wizengamot meetings." Kent, who ran the Wizengamot Administrative Services, shifted in his chair. "He has been loud about the attack at the game, but his words have been empty. Overall, he seems scared." "Which brings us back to Cormac's memories and how Miss Granger refuses to extract them while he is unconscious." The Head of the Department of Mysteries narrowed his eyes at her. "She is in theÑ" "She is sitting here," Hermione said in her own defence. "And she is not willing to put herself in that position, should there be any sort of inquiry. I could have my license revoked for breaking my Healer's Oath. It's not worth it, not for any good." "It appears that she has made herself clear." Kingsley suppressed his amusement but only just. Harry smothered his laugh into a cough. "Another avenue will be needed." There was a bit of rustling in the room as they shifted from one topic to another. "Kingsley, have you made your recommendation for the Undersecretary position? I believe you should have that position already cemented when we announce your campaign. The current Undersecretary is unreliable and has been put in the position to agree with Tiberius." "I imagine you're bringing this up because you have a nomination." Kingsley settled back in his chair, patiently waiting. "We collectively have a nomination: Hermione Granger." Hermione froze. That was news to her. She looked around, rattled by the abruptness of being volunteered for a position she had no desire to hold. "I wasn't aware that I had put my hat in the race, so to speak." "The role of Senior Undersecretary is clear." The Librarian picked up the parchment sitting in front of her. "They are essentially the most important role next to the Minister himself, and are neutral in political matters. Their loyalty would be to the Ministry as an institution, and not to a particular Minister of Magic. Miss Granger, you are young and perfect for the position, and you would have the collective support of everyone in this room." "I have a career outside of the Ministry." "Do you?" the Head of the Department of Mysteries asked. "Because I've heard rumours of damage to your hand that may jeopardise it." Hermione wasn't the only person put off by his statement. Percy leaned forward, Kingsley looked up, and Harry tensed next to her. The tapping of Draco's fingers against the wood was especially loud in the silence that followed. "As I said, I have a career." Hermione locked eyes with the man. "Outside of the Ministry." She might as well have been speaking to a brick wall. "I believe your ethics were displayed today regarding your sound decision about McLaggen." The Librarian's comment sounded like an insult. "I believe it reinforces the point that you are the perfect candidate." "No, what you all are failing to hear and understand is that I have a career that I have no plans to give up. So, whileÑ" "Then why join the restoration at all if you have no intentions of helping?" "As I've stated beforeÉ" Hermione curled her right hand into a fist before slowly opening it again. She kept her tone patient and calm. "I joined because I believe in the cause, and I have assisted in several matters." "No one is downplaying your assistance, Miss Granger." The Sports and Games Head gave her a look that spoke highly of his respect. "We collectively believe that you would be best suited for this position." "You are loyal to the Ministry and its principles." The Librarian's voice was grating, even though she sounded as if she were trying to be nice. "You're impartial enough to work with Draco Malfoy without incident, you're willing to stand on an ethical high ground, even when no one agrees with you, you will do what is right, not for the individual, but for the institution. This is why you would make an excellent Undersecretary." Hermione looked across the table at Draco, whose finger was still tapping, despite the full force of his attention on her. His face was placid, yet it was clear he was listening. As was Percy. Kingsley, too, but he was also jotting notes with his quill. "I understand that, and I appreciate the nomination." Hermione exhaled her frustrations. "But I wish someone would have spoken to me before entering my name for consideration." "It's an honour that won't come around again." The Head of the Department of Mysteries was testing her patience. "You would do well to consider the nomination before dismissing it so completely." "You have made a bold statement to the Wizengamot about change, and now is your chance to be part of the change you sought," the Librarian added. "You should consider this." Driven by the growing tension, the others began to look around at each other. "I have a career." Hermione was doing everything possible to maintain her composure. "One that you can quit." "I'm not quitting at this time to return to the Ministry. That has never been an aspiration ofÑ" "It's your duty!" The Librarian's shrill tone made Hermione's anger spike. "Not just to the restoration, but to the Ministry you still believe in." A tense, deafening silence settled over the room. Hermione looked down to steady herself, feeling her frustration ready to spill over. She understood their point and the argument they were making, but being presented with a demand for her compliance wasÑ "That is where you're mistaken." The strength of Draco's voice shattered the silence. "Her only duties are to herself. They are not to the Ministry nor the role you are all pressuring her to accept." It felt as though all of the air was sucked from the room, leaving a quiet stillness in its wake. "Mr Malfoy, we were speaking toÑ" "I'm perfectly aware of who you were speaking to, but I've grown tired of sitting here while you continue to argue with your own nominee." His tone was even, but anger rolled in his voice. "The disrespect you all have for her is blatant." "I believeÑ" "You recommend her for a position without prior discussion or consent, and when she declines, you try to force her to accept it like it's some sort of honour. And when she continues to refuse, you use her injury as though you're doing her a favour and giving her the gift of a career to fall back on. She doesn't owe any of you anything, not even an explanation for her refusal." Hermione could do nothing but blink at his fierce defence. Harry folded his arms and sat back, always ready for a show. The Librarian looked flustered, as did others. "IÑ" "This is supposed to be a restoration, but you all are no better than the regime we're trying to overthrow. One that would use her without thought or consideration; one that would argue duty over self. The greater good. She is more than capable for the position, but that doesn't make it her responsibility to accept what you're offering. It is not her duty. She is not a puppet, nor is she a weapon." "That's notÑ" The Librarian stopped, eyes narrowed suspiciously. "I'm confused as to why you're fighting Miss Granger's battle." "This isn't a battle," Draco snapped. "This isn't even a discussion. This is a decline. The answer is no." With that, he stood up and walked out. Hermione watched him go, heart thudding in her chest, skipping harder when the door slammed loudly behind him. Between exchanged looks and murmured whispers, everyone was watching her. Hermione quickly quelled her racing pulse, stretched her clenched hands in her lap, and addressed the room. "Any further discussion on the topic?" No one said a word. Hermione stood and left with the intent to track Draco down, but he was already gone. After running a hand over her hair in frustration, she took a moment to think, but was drawn to the entrance of the library, just as she had been the first couple of visits. She knew she needed Draco for admittance, but that didn't stop her from looming closer, wondering if he'd gone inside. Maybe she could catch a glimpse before the wards turned her away. But with each slow step she took, Hermione realised something. That feeling of dread never manifested. The wards admitted her. Hermione was too shocked to move, much less enter when a wizard appeared in the doorway. "Are you looking for something?" "IÑis there anyone inside?" "Just me." "Oh, okay." She stepped back, trying to clear her head. "I'll justÉ go." Hermione wanted not to be alone when she went inside. It didn't feel right being there without Draco leading her through the shelves and warning her what not to touch. She left with the awareness that admittance was more than a gift. It was a statement. Hermione stepped out of the Floo, ready to track Draco down, but she found Narcissa waiting for her. "It's noon." Narcissa folded her hands in her lap, appearing vaguely suspicious. "You scheduled us to have tea today while the children were in lessons." "Oh, yes." Despite seeing her at breakfast, Hermione had forgotten. "Apologies for being late." Thirty minutes later, Hermione was on her second cup of tea, sitting in a stiff chair next to where Narcissa was just finishing her first cup of a light berry blend on the sofa. Hermione might have scheduled the talk, but her first attempt at speaking had been interrupted by Narcissa's request to finish her tea. Now, she was waiting for the first move to be made. Her move. Still pants at chess, and too stubborn to sacrifice any pieces, she was once again left in a silence that threatened to expand and multiply until it enveloped them both. Their locationÑ one of Narcissa's choosingÑwas not a place she'd spent much time: the sitting area in Narcissa's quarters. Unfamiliar territory to Hermione, but something of a comfort to Narcissa. It gave Narcissa the advantage. To pass the time, Hermione's eyes skimmed the room, taking in the little bits and pieces of Narcissa Malfoy. The witch herself didn't seem pressed for immediate conversation, but Hermione could tellÑby the stolen glances, the new location, and the teaÑthat they both knew they were playing a game. Unlike their first stilted talk months ago, today it dawned on Hermione just why she was so bad at chess: she refused to learn anything about the game. Out of laziness, she'd just kept playing while chronicling her mistakes. If she truly wanted to improve, she had to stop focusing on individual moves and invest her attention in the game as a whole. Which called for improvisation. The key to winning was the ability to assess risk, which involved a certain level of awareness. Each moment afforded her an opportunity to confidently choose the correct piece to wield or seize. "You seem restless, Miss Granger." "Without lifting a finger, I can count on one hand how many times we've taken tea in this room." Narcissa looked around. "Although very different, it reminds me of my favourite room at home." The Manor. "It is strange that I still think of it as home. So many awful things happened there. Perhaps I feel this way because such a large part of my life was spent there." She looked at the painting over the hearth. "Perhaps my heart is still there, in more ways than one." Hermione couldn't help but remember her first and only visit to the grounds. The words Draco had said. The honesty in his voice. The fire reflecting in his eyes. "Maybe home isn't just the place where your heart is, maybe it's the place that knows you best." Narcissa nodded, lost in her own introspection. "I suppose that is why I'm not attached to this home outside of these quarters. I feel more comfortable at my sister's." She looked at Hermione like she was evaluating a strategy: patient and calculating. "Does your home know you best?" "It does." Hermione knew she had to be careful. "But I won't lie, this home has good memories as well." Lots of them. Projector nights with Scorpius. Sign language. The growth of their bond. So many conversations with Draco in his office. The kitchen. Outside. The time spent here after her attack was tough, but little snatches of emotional moments here and there lingered in her memories. The highs and lows mixedÑthe bad memories, the good ones, the fights, the comfort, the stress, the peaceÑand settled into something neutral that just felt like life. Nothing unbelievably dramatic. It just was, and all of it was a part of her. Perhaps her respect for this home had to do more with the people within its walls than the memories they held. "Why did you want to take tea with me today, Miss Granger?" Hermione turned at the question, only to find Narcissa watching her, teacup and saucer floating above the table. She had made the first move. A strategic one that cut directly to the chase while she'd been willing to sacrifice a few pawns before making real effort. There was no option but to meet her directly. "I'm resigning." "Oh." Narcissa appeared shocked. "I am aware we do not always see eye to eyeÑ" "My decision has nothing to do with you, but it is a personal choice." "Ah, I see." "Charles Smith is willing to take over your care indefinitely. I have agreed to remain on as an assistant of sorts until he's fully settled in the role. You would need to accept this change, of course." Narcissa was quiet for a few tense moments. "Does my son know?" "Not yet. Scorpius doesn't either. I wanted to talk to you first. Not just about this butÑ" "You say it is personal, your reason for resigning, but you did not explain how." "I suppose we could start there." Hermione shifted in her seat. "It'sÉ complicated." "I imagine so, if it involves my son." "AndÑ" She made a great effort to keep her composure. "And what if it does?" "I have promised Draco not to interfere or push marriage, but I have also watched you both over the course of the last few months. Disease aside, I still recall the conversation we've both been avoiding." "I wasn't avoiding it. I stand by my statement that the timing wasn't right back then, but now itÑI think it is." "Very well." Narcissa was incredibly hard to read. "I have several opinions." "I'm certain you do." Hermione shook her head. "But the only opinion that matters above all is Scorpius'. Believe me when I say I'm not here to fight about this, nor am I naive enough to think you'll offer your blessing, despite the change in our relationship. I'm simply here to notify you of my intent." "Ah, yes, to ask for a blessing there would need to be something official in place." Narcissa cleared her throat and took a moment. "With the way Draco has been quiet and sullen these past few weeks, I imagine that is not the case." "There isn't anything, no. Not at this moment, at least." "Interesting. I was certain he had been courting you." When Hermione's eyes went wide, Narcissa got comfortable enough to smile thinly. "Ah, so he has. That explains some things." "As far as I remember, he resisted your insistence on remarrying long before I came into the picture." "He entertained my wishes at first with no intent to fulfil them, but his refusal became more and more brazen over time. I suppose you are the reason he wanted to look at our employment contract back in June. I incorrectly assumed then that his interest was in reviewing for any errors." She smoothed down her robes. "How long has he been courting you?" At first, Hermione couldn't find the answer because her mind was standing still, hovering over one word. June. When in June? Was it before the Solstice or after? Before their fight? After their makeup? She felt lightheaded at the thought of Draco even considering her in that capacity so earlyÑ well before she so much as spared him a thought beyond the little sprouting seeds she'd tried to tug out by the roots. Then she felt guilty. For so many reasons. Her lack of awareness and time wasted. Her fear of what was unknown and beyond her scope of experience. Choosing to fall involved an analysis of the investment in her heart, mind, and soul. It appeared she wasn't alone in that. Whereas it had taken Draco little time to decide her worthy, it had taken him pulling her along for her to decide on him. She was shaken, riddled with understanding, and frustrated at herself more than anything. But then Hermione inhaled, settled her thoughts, and turned to the witch waiting for her response. "Since the end of July. Unofficially, of course." If Narcissa was surprised, it didn't show. "And officially?" "I can't answer that until I get a chance to discuss everything with him." "And if I were to ask you to stay on?" "TheÑ" Hermione shook her head. "I'm sorry, but I would have to decline." "And should I disapprove of your relationship with my son?" "I've never been under the impression that you would approve. I believe you and I have built respect for each other in the months I've been your Healer. We've found common ground since my attack, but I don't believe you find me at all suitable." Hermione was nervous, but she needed to say this. "You've stated it before, albeit in a very roundabout way." She hadn't forgotten the comment. "The positive in this is that you're not meddling in his affairs anymore, so the decision is squarely his to make. I'd rather not fight with you over Draco, but I will if I have to." Narcissa made a small noise. "Interesting." Hermione remained defensive as ever. "I'm not sure how." "You're passionate, Miss Granger. I watched you with Scorpius at first. I said little and allowed you to bring him plants. I bet you have always wondered why I changed so quickly. But, you see, it was an easy choice to make, even then. I saw him changing, and that benefited us all. I thought you were the key to him speaking again, and from what I've heard, I was correct." Though Hermione wanted to respond, there was nothing to say. "My fault is that I made a lot of assumptions about you. I believed Scorpius to be one of your causes. Your projects. Once he was better, I thought you would step back and deem him fixed." Narcissa shook her head, a dry chuckle escaping her. "I realised during our argument on Solstice that I had miscalculated. You fight for your causes, yes, but Scorpius is more than that to you." "He is." No need to deny it. Narcissa rose to her feet, slowly walking around the coffee table. Her back was to Hermione as she focused on the bookshelf. "You fight like he is yours." Voice low, Narcissa cast a glance over her shoulder. "I knew it was inevitable that we would one day have this conversation when you began to fight for Draco like that, too." Hermione went rigid, swallowing around the lump in her throat. "You care for him." It wasn't a question to be answered or a statement to be validated. It was an understanding that wrapped them both in a silence that stretched across the room. "IÑI do." It was becoming easier to admit feelings that felt much deeper than the phrase. Narcissa gestured for her to approach, and she did so slowly, under the watchful blue eyes of the Malfoy Matriarch. "It is not simply that I believe you to be unsuitable for him," the older witch began. "Your view of the world is one thing, but in addition to my other issues that I will not list, I do not think you are capable of taking the risk. You give so much of yourself away. Admittedly admirable, but what will be left for him? For them both? Draco and Scorpius must become a priority you are not willing to set." "I'm not surprised you believe this about me. I spent a lot of time with blinders on, but my eyes are wide open now." Hermione's voice was firm with every bit of her conviction. "No, I'm not willing to set everything aside, that's not who I am and I won't change that for anyone, but I am building a space for you all. For them. For him." They already occupied space in her heart, and now her home would reflect that as well. "When we first met, you were adamant about Draco not being alone after you were gone." Hermione reached for her hand and held it steady. "I promise you, here and now, he won't be. Neither of them will." And then she let Narcissa go. Excusing herself with a nod before she buckled under the weight of the moment's significance, Hermione made it all the way to the door, and was reaching for the knob when Narcissa's voice pierced the silence. "I accept your resignation, Hermione. And you." November 16, 2011 Scorpius was sullen. Not an unfamiliar sight, he still had his moments, but Hermione still did a double take upon spotting him on the sofa. First, she looked around for Catherine, but the room was empty, save for the little boy. Her first official meeting with Charles and Narcissa had ended on a positive note, but it had run much longer than anticipated. She'd hoped to be done by the time they finished lessons on their half-day but that hadn't quite worked out. The Potters were likely off for an afternoon with George, and Scorpius looked up from staring at nothing when she sat down. He immediately leaned on her heavily like he did when he was tired or a little glum. Definitely sad. Wordlessly, Hermione lifted her arm and wrapped it around him, holding him close. They stayed like that until Catherine came in, gave her a nod, and turned around. Then they stayed like that until Scorpius was finally ready to talk. Hermione expected sign language, but he gave her his precious words instead. "Can you come with me?" She would never tire of hearing his voice. "Of course." They got up and she let him lead her by the hand, not needing to know the destination, only that she would follow. When Scorpius stopped in front of the door where his mother's belongings were stored, he peered up at her, almost as if asking permission. Hermione hadn't been inside, this place wasn't for her, but this was something he and Draco did together at least weekly. "Are you certain?" Scorpius nodded and opened the door. The room appeared different from before. Emptier. More organised. She had to wonder if Draco had finally started to clear it out and let some things go. There wasn't much time to explore, not that Hermione was inclined to. She followed Scorpius right to the portrait that remained just as she saw it before. She never knew Astoria, nor did she remember her from Hogwarts, but the painting of her was as beautiful as she'd imagined her to be. Posed on a chair, Astoria stood out from all the darkness streaked in broad brushstrokes around her. Fitting, really. Soft and beautiful, there was something captivating about her. Perhaps it was her fair skin or the striking shade of her hair. It wasn't quite as ethereal as the Malfoys', but it looked angelic nonetheless, painted down past her shoulders. But the more Hermione looked, the more she realised it was the witch's eyes that captivated her attention. Exactly like her son's, but with an extra spark of intelligence and the strength of firm resolve. There was something regal in her stance, even though her likeness was frail. It only spoke to the power of her presence. She didn't allow the artist to take liberties or make her appear healthier than she was. Genuine. Hermione settled on her knees next to Scorpius as he studied his mother's face with the slow drag of his fingers. And then he placed his hands over his heart. "Are you remembering?" Scorpius nodded. "You can talk about her whenever you want. Not just to your dad or Albus or Harry, I'll listen, too." "Don't hold it in," Scorpius whispered. "It's okay." Likely something he learned in therapy. Reinforced by his father. Scorpius looked at her, and for the first time in a while, Hermione had no idea what he wanted her to do. So, she said what was on her mind. "Your mummy would be so proud of you." It stopped him cold. A familiar, complex swirl of emotions seemed to grab hold of him. Tears welled in his eyes, but they didn't overflow. He looked at the painting again, and his small hand curled around the frame. When his tears finally fell, he didn't wipe them away. Hermione rested a steady hand on his back and looked at the portrait with him. For all his traits she knew came from his father, there were so many pieces of his mother in him, too. Scorpius turned to her. "She wants you to be happy." Hermione wiped his eyes. "She loved you most." More than life itself. A sacrifice Hermione understood deeply. Fiercely. And when Scorpius hugged her again, tucking his face in the crook of her neck, Hermione held him close and tried not to cry. "Do you love me too?" His fragile question was one she didn't expect, but the answer was as obvious as it was effortless. Hermione hesitated twice before pressing her lips to his hair. "I do." The move was nothing if not impulsive. She left a note in Draco's office requesting his presence, and attached it to the blueprint of her house. Scorpius had a free afternoon, and they both had a need to get out. With DracoÑor their looming talkÑnot expected for hours, Hermione decided to relax, divert her thoughts, and make the short walk to fulfil a promise made that past summer. Security tried not to stand out in the crowd. Hermione appreciated their efforts, but the farmer still appeared suspicious of the two men lingering by the doorway, unsmiling and watching everything. Admittedly, they looked a bit ridiculous, but she understood the need for them now more than ever. Scorpius was so overwhelmed to be at an actual farm that he hadn't left her side. Despite the kind farmer's permission, the little boy only relaxed enough to peek at the cows that roamed freely. "You're looking for chickens?" the farmer asked. "Yes, I am. Baby chicks, if you have them." "How many?" "Two." "Oh, I have three!" She and Scorpius exchanged looks. The plan was for two so that one wouldn't be alone, but by doing that, she would be leaving another one alone elsewhere. It seemed that Scorpius knew that as well. There was no other option, so they left with three baby chicks. The next few hours were spent getting the baby chicks set up in their new homeÑnot in the bathtub, but in the corner of the conservatory. Of course, she wanted to avoid Pansy's screams, but it was also the warmest room of the house. Hermione relocated all the plants in the area, and in their place, she put the large, floating chicken brooder and warming lamps. Scorpius diligently laid out the bedding, water, and feeder. After turning on the warming lamp, powered by magic, Hermione let Scorpius do the honours of placing each baby chick in its new home. The plan was to keep them there and gradually acclimate them to being outside. The coop was warded for warmth, predators, and most everything else, so the transition wouldn't be too hard, but they needed this time away from the others to grow. They both sat there for a while and watched them all bounce around and chirp as they got accustomed to the cage. Or, Scorpius did, with his little hands on the brim, peeking in. Hermione spent much of her time with her eyes on him. She'd shown him twice how to get a chick to approach, but Scorpius hadn't yet been successful. It didn't deter him or dim the wonder in his eyes. She didn't think he would ever tire of the sight. Neither would she. Hermione briefly left his side to complete a few simple tasks: watering the plants and heating up a vegetable casserole Andromeda had made for dinner. While it warmed, she brought her parchment into the conservatory and worked on her list. Checking off what was done, she added little notes about new tasks that needed to be completed. "How are they liking their new home?" Scorpius signed that the chicks were asleepÑshe remembered little naps they often took from the first set. Joining her on the sofa, he peered at her parchment in a way that reminded her he might not understand all the words, but he probably understood some. She put it away. "Do you want me to read to you?" No. The response was followed by him leaning against her. They both enjoyed the silence and each other. It was a peaceful moment that felt like the calm before a storm. She hoped not. At least half an hour passed in quiet contemplation, with Scorpius pointing at things in the conservatory and signing what they were. Showing her what he'd learned. Draco had to be teaching him regularly. There were words and phrases he knew that she hadn't taught him, and even a few he ended up teaching her. After a while, she could smell the food, which meant it was nearly done. The chicks were chirping again, fresh from sleep, and Scorpius went back to trying to lure one into his hand just as she'd shown him. Hermione didn't see Draco until just after the kitchen door shut behind her. Standing at the island, there was no telling how long he'd been there, and he didn't look the least bit happy. Which hurt. Hermione could quietly admit that to herself. She picked up the potholders and opened the oven, pulling out the casserole with her good hand and placing it on the counter. "You wanted to speak to me?" No preamble. Tone dry. He wouldn't even look at her. "I doÑ" There was an especially loud chirp from the conservatory. "I bought chicks." "I'm aware." Draco folded his arms. "Security notified me of the trip." "Oh." For the first time, Hermione's confidence faltered. "IÑ" "It's fine." He shook her off. "Where is Scorpius?" "In the conservatory watching them, likely trying to gain their trust." And because it was easier to talk about the little boy than the reason she'd asked his father to come over, Hermione rambled on, hoping her nerves would ease. "I wonder if he would benefit from having a traditional pet. They teach children responsibility. You should see the way he is with Daphne'sÑ" "Is this why you asked me here? Is this what you wanted to talk about, Granger?" Draco's jaw tensed. "I don't have timeÑ" "I was just suggestingÑ" "A pet, yes. I heard. Decisions like that don't involve you." The chill in his tone stole her breath, and her silence left him room to continue. "I just thought he would like to play withÑ" "Unlike you, I don't have time to play with chickens in the middle of the day. Pets are not toys. They require care and time and resources, all of which must be provided by his parents. And you are not his parent. I am his father and he has a mother. She died. If you want to mother someone, have a child of your own instead of inserting yourself in his life when you aren't even sure if you want to stick around. You'veÑ" "Stop it." Tears pricked her eyes. "And don't you ever speak to me like that again. I see you're in a mood, I know you've been busy, butÑ" "At any point, on any day, you are free to leave. When that happens, I will have to pick up the pieces. And don't say that you won't when youÑ" Draco swallowed his next words. "You're not obligated toÑ" "When have I ever given you the impression that I would leave him?" Draco looked at her. "That's not what this is about." She knew it to be true without him saying a word. "This isn't about him or my relationship with him. This is about you and me." He looked as though he was about to say something, but Hermione wasn't done. "You're having a bad day or week or something, and spoiling for a fight. Well, you should know well enough by now that I won't give it to you. I called you over here to talk, but I won't while you're in a shite mood. I'll make Scorpius a plate to take with him, I'll even make one for you. Take him home, spend the evening with him, and when you're in less of a mood, we can actually talk." Draco said nothing in argument, just started for the conservatory, a palpable anger driving each of his heavy steps. Hermione followed, and when he wrenched the door open, Scorpius was holding a baby chick, beaming proudly. "Look! Chicken!" His bright little smile faded to dust when he realised it was not her at the door. It was his father. Both stared at each other in open-mouthed shock, and Hermione remained just behind Draco's shoulder, observing everything as it transpired and feeling the emotions roll off them both. Like witnessing a car crash, she could neither stop it from happening or stop watching as it did. Draco, who had gone completely rigid upon hearing Scorpius speak, excused himself, muttering Sorry three times. He was gone before the shock released its grip on Scorpius, leaving a devastated little boy in his wake. Panicking and gasping for air, Scorpius only had the presence of mind to carefully place the chick back in its home before he took off. Before Hermione could stop him or even shout his name, he was out the door. Scorpius made it to the middle of the pasture before Hermione caught him from behind. They were both breathing hard for different reasons. It was cold, and the ground was wet from the morning rain, but Hermione didn't care. She held him as he cried, understanding his tears were a mix of anxiety and a myriad of emotions he couldn't vocalise. Draco's flustered departure that screamed rejection didn't help matters. When the upset boy signed mistake over and over, she stopped him by covering his cold fingers. Taking off her cardigan, Hermione wrapped him up in it, ignoring the chill cutting through her own clothes. "Not a mistake." "S-sorry." "There's nothing to be sorry for." With a hand on the back of his head, she protected him from the wind. "I'm so proud of you for holding the chicken. You did such a good job." "DaddyÑ" He sounded so broken. "I can do better." Hermione closed her eyes, her heart breaking for him. "You were perfect." It took nearly an hour of reassurance to get Scorpius calm enough to eat, but even then, he barely touched his dinner, only moving the food around his plate. She could tell his tears were because he was thinking about his dad leaving after hearing him speak. It was such a big moment for him, one he'd worked up his confidence to for weeks, and Draco justÑleft. The longer Hermione watched him struggle, the more upset she got. By the time she brought him home, waited around while Catherine handled bedtime preparation, and read to him until he fell into a fitful sleep, she realised she couldn't go home yet. "Can you keep an ear out for him?" Hermione asked softly. "He's not going to sleep well tonight." "Of course." Catherine didn't dare ask what happened. She stormed into the place she knew she'd find Draco. Draco was in front of the fireplace in his office, arms folded, looking worse for wear. Remorseful. His hair was out of place, sticking up at odd angles as if he'd run his fingers through it multiple times in frustration. She almost granted him a bit of clemency, as he seemed as upset as she was, but her anger simply refused to be ignored. Hermione closed the door and cast a silencing charm for good measure. "I don't care how angry you are at me, don't ever take it out on Scorpius. Not when he's been trying to gather the nerve to talk to you for almost two months." "I didn'tÑ" Draco looked a bit sick. "Shite. Where is he?" "In bed." She folded her arms. "You left him and the irony is that I was the one who had to pick up the pieces." "ThatÑ" "I know he has a mother. I have never, ever once tried to take her place." Hermione's voice shook. "I can't. I wouldn't know how. I honour her memory, I respect her, and that you had the audacityÑ" Hermione took another shaky breath, gasping for air. "I love him fiercely and it's bigger than any love I've ever known. The fact that I'm angrier for his sake than what you said to me should speak volumes." "YouÑ" "And what's worse is that my anger also speaks of my love for you." Draco stopped cold. "I've wanted nothing more than to help heal your relationship with Scorpius. You both deserve this, you've worked so hard, and IÉ" She could see his chest rise and fall with each stunned breath. "You told me to think about it. To choose. And I did." She picked up the blueprint off his desk and shoved it against his chest. "I'm all in. Since the moment I decided, I've been making room for you, so you'll believe me when I tell you. But right now I'm so angry I can't speak without wanting to scream at you." Hermione took a step back. "So, I'm not having this conversation right now. I refuse to let us start like this." "WhatÑ" "Go see your son." "Granger, I'mÑ" "Apologise to your son first." November 17, 2011 It only took minutes for the anger to burn away. Hours before Hermione found herself pacing in front of a worried but silent Padma. Time had left her hollow from words she hadn't intended to say. Sick both from what she told him and how. It wasn't her finest moment, and guilt nearly sent her through the Floo more than once, but it wasn't his either, and two wrongs never make anything right. "Talk to him in the morning with a fresh mind and heart." Concern was evident in Padma's soft tone. And then she forced Hermione into bed with potions and a sip of Calming Draught. Sober but unable to focus, she was in a state of emotional upheaval even after she laid across the bed. Unsteady. Adrift. Lost. It was well past midnight. The room had long since stopped spinning, but her mind had yet to cease. A hollow feeling bled through her veins, leaving a numbness that stretched to her toes. Hermione turned on her side. Then the other. Unable to get comfortable. And thenÉ And thenÉ Finally, the Calming Draught helped pull her under. She dreamed. Colours. Lights. Sounds. Scents. Tastes. Hermione woke with a feeling so visceral it made her bolt upright before she could even catch her breath. She was still clutching her chest when she figured out the time, where she was, and turned on the light before crawling out of bed. There was tea waiting for her, just like each morning before, but today was different. There was a sign that it had just been placed there: steam still curling from the kettle. Hermione left the tea and made her way to the conservatory. Dawn was approaching, but the sky was dark enough for a curious sight to stand out. The light in the greenhouse was on. Without thinking, Hermione grabbed her wand and went out into the cold morning. It was frigid, and two steps out made her regret not grabbing a coat, but curiosity drew her into the elements. The wind and cold sliced through her thin garments as she made her way through the dark garden. The orbs lit up as she passed them on her way to the greenhouse. Pushing through the door and quickly sealing the chill outside, Hermione entered the newly expanded space. Warmth flooded her bones. She drew her wand and began looking around. At first, nothing looked amiss until she spotted the black that stood out amongst the green. Draco. But, for the first time, her attention was drawn elsewhere. Up. To the new addition located in the centre of her greenhouse. An old, familiar tree. One she'd seen only once during a trip to the Manor's greenhouse. Draco was on his knees, with his back to her, as he focused on his task, the tip of his wand aglow. The closer she got, the more bizarre the sight became until she was standing next to him, watching him touch the bit of exposed roots with dirt covered hands. A low pulse of magic was all she felt before the brown tree trunk darkened, and the leaves turned from pale to a richer green. Only then did she realise what he was doing: waking up the ancient tree from its long slumber. Her small gasp gave away her presence. Draco placed his wand in the dirt and started to rise, jaw set with determination, but she stopped him with hands on his shoulders. "What are you doing here?" Her eyes went back to the olive tree. "I thoughtÑ" "I'm apologising." His hope seemed to swell when she joined him on her knees. "I'm sorry, too." Hermione took a deep breath. "Scorpius. Did youÑ" "He woke up the instant I walked in. IÉ talked to him. I talked. He spoke back just once. What he'd been practicing." Draco seemed mystified by the simple act of having a conversation with his son. "I took him to Daphne's because he wanted Cheddar to sleep in the bed with him." They both looked at the olive tree whose distorted trunk had twisted around itself over time. Tufts of green shot towards the sky. It was a symbol of peace and hope, wisdom and triumph, reconciliation and healing. An eternal link between man and the earth. "For an apology, an olive tree isÑ" "I didn't think a branch would be enough." A shocked laugh escaped, but Draco remained serious, his eyes fixed on the tree. "Disease or drought won't kill it. I could cut it down or burn it to the ground, yet no matter what, it will heal and grow." Draco covered the final bit of exposed root with dirt. "Determined. Stubborn. Resilient. Intricate. It reminds me of someone else I know." "Is that why youÑ" Hermione couldn't breathe, much less say anything coherent. "On your arm? Is that forÑ" "Yes." Draco's eyes slid to hers, and she cupped his jaw before he could retreat. Still tense despite his pliancy, he leaned into her hand, into her touch, turning to face her and exhaling his long held defences in the space between them. Hermione closed her eyes and did the same, piece by piece, until there was nothing left. Just them. Honest and open. Draco pressed their foreheads together. His inhale became her exhale in a cyclical exchange that linked them togetherÑstronger than ever before. Every hard moment that brought them here paled in comparison to the feeling welling inside of her. And when Hermione opened her eyes, though it only lasted seconds, the truth she found would stretch past days, months, years. "I'll never tell you that I love you in anger again." "What I said aboutÑ" Draco shook his head. "I'm sorry. I won't say anything like that again. It wasn't my best moment." "We'll do better." "We will." "IÑI love you." Hermione had never felt more vulnerable, but it was the slight shake of his hands on her back that calmed her. "And I've figured out all the ways you've been showing me that you love me, too." For all Draco's actions, Hermione didn't find his truth in verbal confirmation. His truth was layered beneath the unbridled emotions that broke free in the form of a choked off smile. He tried to look away and compose himself, but she didn't let him. Beneath the olive tree, they kissed until there was nothing beyond the vast and silent awareness of everything. One by one, the stars began to fade as light peeked above the horizon. Night retreated for morning to take its place. But in the presence of both the waning moon and the rising sun, peace offered them a gift. A new beginning. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same. Emily Bront‘ Chapter End Notes A/N: Thank you for all the love and reviews. Hello two feet in. Hello making room. Hello everything. Lots of callbacks to earlier chapters. I believe someone asked me once "what's more important than the cactus?" Me: *smiles* because now I can say my first plan for this fic has played out. More on the politics, Greyback, the boys, and these two stepping into their power couple era. Also shoutout to Jaxx, my friend and legit one of the best humans I know. She had so very little to go on but understood the assignment beautifully. *sobs* Art for this chapter: Hermione Drinking Tea by Oukyn & Ending Sequence by zzzzita & Moam Behind the Scenes by jjuuppiter Embedded art by Jaxx-in-a-box [ Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Chapter 36: Shadows Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Thirty Six Shadows November 17, 2011 Like celestial bodies, Hermione and Draco were inextricably linked. The olive tree was in their line of sight as they laid together in the charmed hammock. Limbs entwined, they simply existed in some stolen slice of time and space. The stillness was settling, peaceful, and she finally understood an indisputable truth. Love was a force greater than gravity. But rather than pulling her down, it left her weightless. Breathless. They floated in a sea of contentment. Drifted through a hazy fog of kisses and smiles, soft caresses and murmured words. The afterglow was a reprieve from the earlier strife, and a break before the work ahead. The sun crept higher above the horizon. Draco's yawns became more frequent, his eyes grew heavier, and his words stretched slower until they almost slurred. And though Hermione urged him otherwise, he wouldn't sleep. Not yet. He merely relaxed with his eyes shut and a hand in her messy curls, the other twined in hers while his thumb swept over her knuckles. Soon, the shade provided by the olive tree retreated, and hiding their faces in each other wasn't enough to protect them from the direct rays of light. "Let's go inside." The trek was quick, and the cold air warred with the warmth of their hazy adoration. Hermione took care of the chicks, refilling their water and feed, while Draco made her a simple breakfast of eggs with toast and jam. They ate at the table in the conservatory with her leg draped over his, tuned to the sound of the happy chirping and the view of the world coming to life. The sun rose steadily on. No need for conversation, looks and smiles between bites were enough. His handÑlike him Ñwas no longer a phantom, but a tangible presence on her leg. "Did you like the tea blend I left you?" "I didn't try it." Hermione swept her thumb over his signet ring, tracing the symbol of his lineage. Her eyes lifted to find Draco staring boldly with a faint colour to his cheeks. "Will you make me another? I'll make yours. I remember how." "Or I can make both and you can watch." Sitting on the island, her legs dangled as she counted each time grey eyes wandered to her in the nine minutes it took him to prepare their cups. And though he placed hers on the countertop first, Hermione waited until he was standing between her parted legs with his own tea before reaching for hers. It was a rose lavender black tea blend she hadn't tried before. Aromatic and floral, it was smoother and lighter than her usual blend, and sweetened with a touch of honey. Hermione drank with her eyes trained on him, privately wondering what prompted the choice and how he knew she'd enjoy it when it wasn't her usual preference. She finished not long after Draco and he placed their empty teacups in the sink before resting his hands on either side of her on the counter. "You'll make me tea every day, won't you?" She brought her hand to his jaw, feeling the sharp angles dusted with stubble she couldn't see. "Yes." He dipped his head lower, closing a fraction of the space between them. "Even when I'm angry at you." "Make sure it's extra hot then." Suspended in the moment of levity, they smiled at each other, but hers faded when she noticed creases of exhaustion around his eyes. "You didn't sleep." "No, but I will." Their noses brushed and he kissed her quickly. "I'll finish up here, call to check on Scorpius, and take a shower." "Okay. There should be a spare towel and face cloth in the bathroom already. I'll go and check on the chickens in the coop outside, water the plants, and make sure the things I'm drying for Scorpius' gift will be ready by Christmas." Hermione took her time with her tasks, even letting the chickens feed directly from her hand. It wasn't long before they ignored her to run around with each other. The conservatory plants were easy to water, but the task was interrupted by a call from her dad checking in after receiving no answer at the Malfoy house. The last time he'd called, she was too distracted to talk. Unfortunately, the same was true this time, too. When she heard the shower start, Hermione promised to ring back and continued completing her tasks. At least, she would have had she not been staring at the rose trellises Neville wanted to move into the greenhouse andÑ She left her wand behind and went upstairs. Hermione stood outside the bathroom door worrying her lip with her teeth and poised to knock. But she didn't let herself overthink it. Slipping into the bathroom, she stripped away her clothing piece by piece until she was at the shower door with only a clean cloth in hand. "Are you going to stand there all morning?" Draco's drawl accompanied the sound of falling water. No, she wasn't. Steam greeted her before the sight of a wet Draco holding a soaped up cloth stole her attention. Hermione closed the door and joined him under the spray of scalding water. Closing her eyes, and tilting her head back, she let herself enjoy the cleansing burn. And the newness of the casual intimacy found with him. "How is Scorpius?" "Good." He handed her the soap. "Daphne's in-laws are visiting. Scorpius is watching rugby highlights with Dean and his father before the game starts. They're teaching him." Hermione lathered the face cloth. "Is he squinting?" "Surprisingly no, but apparently he has an interest in that and football." She knew exactly how focused he was when intrigued by something new. "Are you thinking of letting him play?" "If he's still interested when he's old enough." And that was the end of the conversation. They showered together, taking their time, washing each other, touching, caressing, and taking turns rinsing off. It smelled like flowers in the rain. Hermione could almost taste it when she placed a kiss on the piece of his heart etched on his skin for her. Draco never took his hands off of her. Perhaps one day Hermione wouldn't be surprised that being naked with him felt natural, and showering together was as easy as matching his breath at night, but today wasn't that day. By the time they finished, rather than side-stepping to make an escape, Hermione leaned back against his chest, noting the pressure of his growing interest while tilting her head to the side. Draco's hands started on her stomach and slowly, agonisingly, made their way to her breasts. She closed her eyes and let sensation eclipse thought. "Yes or no." Barely audible over the rush of water, his question was accompanied by thumbs sweeping over her nipples, teasing until they pebbled for him. Draco trailed open mouthed kisses along her neck and her breath caught at the tiniest scrape of teeth against her pulse. "How's your fatigue?" "Better." Hermione arched into his hands. "More." "Is that a command?" Draco's amusement was laced with tension. When she pressed back against him with intent, moving her hips, he stopped her with a muffled groan. "No," she said. "It's an invitation." His acceptance came exactly the way she imagined it would, with tenderness and restraint, as if fearing she'd slip out of his fingers. At least, that was how it started. Then he grew bold. Steady movement of her arse against his cock turned casual exploration into pure need. One of his hands roamed her body while the other remained, pinching a little harder when she did the same to her other nipple. Bracing her free hand against the tile, her foot on the shower seat, Hermione bit her lip when he slid two fingers between the folds of her cunt. Testing, teasing, he swore into her hair when he found out just how slick she was. "Do you want me to keep going?" Hermione repeatedly and unapologetically chanted her answer while riding his long fingers into oblivion. No finesse was needed when she was starved for that one stroke that would push her over. She tried to come quietly, thought she would, but her orgasm came with the addition of a surprise third finger. It left her hoarse as a moan tore its way out. It was a wonder they didn't end up on the shower floor. She had only just caught her breath when Draco tried to steal it again by sucking one finger into his mouth. Then the second. And the third. Hermione kissed him deeply. Water poured over them as their connection flowed like a physical force. With his back against the tile, she touched him until he gasped. She built a rhythm with the slick side of wet hands that he rocked into until he snapped out of the daze, hiked her leg up, and eased his cock into her core. Draco felt good. He felt right. Like magic. Like everythingÑthe good, bad, and in betweenÑculminated in this one act. Her senses were on fire. Hermione wanted to think that the changes between them didn't make this feel different, but it did. It did. A few failed attempts and the lack of desire to test fate against stability brought them out of the shower. A quick drying charm later, they were falling into bed. Then into each other. Draco's pace was frenetic. Kisses portent. Touch reverent. There was a sense of belonging, not just to the moment, but to each other. Lost in a time all their own, pleasure was found in more than just the physicality of the act. Understanding. Exploration. Intimacy. A tentative balance was sought and found. Give and take. Ebb and flow. Each thrust was better than the last. Faster. Harder. Ablaze with need, Hermione tried to arch into him, ready to burn herself in his inferno, but Draco held her tight, not letting her move while controlling them both. Her knees sat high beneath his arms. His face pressed against her neck, hips rocking like he'd figured out just the rhythm they needed to make it last. Hermione lived and died with each breath. Possessed him in kind. Over her own pounding heart and stuttered breaths, through the hazy, rapid climb to her destination, Hermione heard him breathing unintelligible words into her skin. The stream of syllables didn't make sense, but they didn't have to. She understood, offering words of her own into his damp hair. "I love you." Draco's rhythm stumbled as he pushed in so deep her eyes rolled. His moan was low enough to rattle her straight through. But he found a pace that made her toes curl. No longer trying to make it last, they were both chasing the next high of release, and all she could do was ascend with him. The frantic rush left them both bracing for the inevitable, inhaling affection like air and exhaling life. "I'mÑ" Draco bit down on her shoulder, halting her words as she shook and sobbed for air. His grip was so tight, so right. His cock was so deep. Their movements devolved into mutual shuddering as the tension in him pulled tight and snapped, breaking like a dam as he strained against her with each wracking spasm until he slowly relaxed and released. A word made her fly, fall, and float all at once. "Hermione." Neither moved as they bathed in the afterglow. She didn't want to. She wanted to feel him like this, growing softer inside her as they both recovered in each other's arms. Hermione had waited weeks for this, and she wanted to savour it, savour him, while all her emotions were locking into place. She silently identified the differences between how this felt when love was a new realisation versus now as an expression. Draco obliged her unspoken request by fully resting against her, rocking them both slowly, and letting the pleasure linger while she scraped her fingers through the back of his hair. "I think we need another shower," Draco said a few minutes later, drawing her into a kiss that only paused long enough for them to return to the shower and back to the bed, where they picked up where they left off. Still naked and talking about nothing and everything, they filled the silence between with kisses. "You looked at my employment contract in June." "About the time I was forced to admit a few things to myself." Draco shook his head. "Denial has an expiration date." "I know that all too well." "Hmm." Draco touched the end of a damp curl. "I know you want to know when. I'm sure you're trying to figure out the exact day and time, but I meant what I said before. I can't give you that. You just were, areÑ" "And will be." Hermione shifted closer. "I'm realising that in some cases, the details don't matter as much as the end result." Draco's touch was as quiet as he could be. "My mother told me you'd quit but she wouldn't go into detail. Then I saw your note, not the blueprint, and I thoughtÑ" "I'd been trying to talk to you for days, but everything got in the way." Hermione rested a hand on the centre of his chest. His heartbeat was steady under her palm. "I don't want to talk about that now, I justÑ" She stopped just before their lips touched. "Let's enjoy this moment. Finally." His deep, aching kisses left her gasping for more. She relished the way their hands roamed freely as past tension continued dissolving into ash andÑ There was nothing. They slept the sleep of the exhausted. Unnaturally deep. Hermione woke during her body's intermittent attempts to rouse her with thoughts and tasks, but rest was inescapable in Draco's warm presence. Sunset was underway when Hermione finally stirred, and she took her time drinking in the sight of Draco sleeping next to her. Relaxed and boneless. Breathing deeply. Hair askance. It wasn't the first time she'd witnessed him like this and noted how young he looked without the hard lines and tension he carried each and every day. It was a similar thought that came to mind when he smiled. Reluctant to answer her body's call, she did so anyway, but only after watching Draco sleep a little longer. Pleasantly sore, Hermione wrapped herself in a bathrobe, stretched, smiled, and looked at her reflection in the mirror. Nothing was different yet everything was. It felt likeÉ peace. At least this grey square in the centre of her puzzle felt solved. Hermione took a deep breath and left, fully prepared to slide back into bed, but when she opened the bathroom door, she found Draco awake. She sat next to him on the edge of the bed, and watched him search the pockets of his discarded trousers before pulling out something very small. His wand reversed the shrinking charm. Ah. Fresh clothes. Always prepared. "Plans?" "I thought we'd take Scorpius to dinner and talk to him." Draco looked at her through the mirror. "You should get dressed." By the time Hermione wandered back into the bathroom, dressed casually in dark jeans, a black jumper, a grey scarf and boots, Draco was frowning at his reflection. His hair was parted but not quite in his preferred style. She bit her lip, noting his look for the night: black trousers, white shirt, black tie, grey vest. They matched. Well, almost. "Didn't have anything casual?" Draco glanced at her reflection. "This is casual." Hermione laughed and slid up next to him. Her hair was a bit of a disaster, but she managed to secure it in a curly bun with only moderate discomfort. Narcissa would fuss about tangles, but today it would do. Minutes later, they were standing in the Floo in Daphne's living room where they happened upon an interesting sight. Scorpius was lying on what looked like every blanket they owned in the middle of the living room, hair in disarray and face partially buried in Cheddar's fur. His arm was around Halia, who was curled into his side with a dummy in her mouth. All three of them were asleep. Cheddar woke when the fireplace burst to life, but didn't move from his spot. Not even when they stepped fully into the living room. It smelled wonderful. "Hi." Hermione kept her voice low, trying not to disturb the sleeping cousins. "We're just coming to pick up Scorpius." "Come in." Daphne greeted them by waving them into the kitchen to join her and Dean's mother. "They've been asleep for at least half an hour." "Sweet dears." Dean's mother smiled. It was friendly, soothing. Though she barely crested Daphne's shoulder, Hermione couldn't help but see the resemblance, not just with Dean, but also in Halia. "We've taken at least a hundred photos." "Mum was showing me how to make her Irish Beef and Guinness stew." "Smells wonderful," Hermione said once she and Draco were standing on the other side of the small island. Daphne pointedly looked at their joined hands. "I take it everything's been resolved." Dean's mother's face lit up. "Are these theÑ" "Mmhmm," Daphne hummed. "Congratulations." Draco's glare turned sharp on Daphne, but Hermione nudged his armÑhard. "We're just here to pick up Scorpius." "Come back tomorrow." Daphne waved her hand. "We're going to look at pictures tonight andÉ" Her smile turned a little sad and Dean's mother was right there, wrapping an arm around her. She leaned into the embrace. "Thanks, Mum." "Anytime, love." She turned to them. "Now, keep stirring." Daphne did with a steady hand on her back. She looked up at them. "I mean it, go. Enjoy your first night together. You can come get him tomorrow afternoon." After she and Draco exchanged looks, Hermione offered a tiny shrug. They hadn't made plans beyond dinner and telling Scorpius. Now, they had a free night. In the end, he decided on dinner. Instead of by car, they took the Floo to The Leaky Cauldron and made the walk to a nearby steakhouse. Despite being reservation only and a crowded night, after a few words with the ma”tre d' out of Hermione's earshot, they were led to a cosy table off to the side and dined on an elaborate spread of Argentinian beef. Hermione's only regret was her inability to try all the suggested wines. "Which would you choose?" Draco asked while she perused the wine menu. "I'd let you choose." Draco's response was a raised eyebrow. "Oh?" "Not because I can't decide, I'm only curious to see what you would choose and why. I'm fairly certain it would be something I'd never consider for myself. I can't drink right now anyway so the point is moot." "How long before you're weaned off?" "A couple of weeks. Susan's monitoring me for nerve pain." They continued the silent agreement to talk about anything and everything except what they needed to. Hermione talked about the greenhouse expansion while Draco nodded along. He obviously knew everything she'd learned, but listened anyway with a slight curve to his lips. And when it was his turn, he asked two questions: "Will you attend Blaise and Padma's wedding as my date?" "Do you want to go somewhere else for dessert?" Hermione said yes to both, but smirked internally because after walking to a different restaurant that served lemon tarts, Draco ate more than his share. She didn't mind. But she was curious. "Are they better than mine?" "I'm smart enough not to answer that." Hermione laughed. Bundled in coats, the slow walk back to The Leaky Cauldron was tolerable with warming charms and Draco's gloved hand in hers. Companionable silence was disrupted when he stopped just before the entrance to Diagon Alley. Something caught her eye in the darkness. SomethingÉ "I want to show you something." Hermione's curious frown turned into a smile. "Sure." He cast charms to disguise their appearances and led the way. Hermione followed through the rolled away bricks and into the cobblestone wizarding alley a step behind. Activity was winding down as the temperature began to drop for the night. Still, witches and wizards were out and about, all the shops were open, and there were vendors selling trinkets and merchandise to passers. People looked and Hermione had a brief worry that the charm hadn't held, but it wasn't until she noticed where they were standing that she realised it wasn't them that had drawn attention. It was what they were standing in front of. The eyesore. The burnt out husk of the Apothecary. Draco took a step towards the entrance. "Wait." She grabbed his arm. "Won't that be trespassing?" He looked over his shoulder, and a new smile lit his face, one that was hard to describe. Draco extended his hand. "I can't trespass somewhere I own." Own? The word repeated in her head as they crossed the threshold of destruction. Darkness shadowed every crevice until Draco used his wand to turn on the lights, and surprisingly enough, they worked. The Apothecary was in ruins, indicative of the fight before the still-missing Potions Master was unwillingly taken. It smelled like soot and something wet. Not an overall pleasant combination but she'd smelt worse. The stairs leading to the quarters caught her eye first; they were unstable at best. Scorched walls with drag marks on the floor. Burnt and half-melted shelves. Every surface was covered with glass shards, wood chips, or spilled potions that magic would never allow to dry. Glass crunched beneath their shoes as she continued inward, but the growing list of problems and concerns Hermione noted faded when she stopped and actually looked. At Draco. He was walking around, hands behind his back, eyes taking in the same sight. But rather than the list of issues and reasons this was a bad idea weighing him down, his face was alight. He saw something she couldn't in the charred ruins. Potential. "Why this place?" "Call it an impulse purchase I haven't been able to put time towards, not even to hire a magical sanitation company to clear everything." Draco looked around again. "When everything settles, I'll figure it outÉ" "You already know or you wouldn't have purchased it." And the curious way he looked at her made Hermione recall a similar instance when he'd asked the same question. "I'm listening." "Fine." Draco looked as though he was speaking on a subject he hadn't quite found the words to describe out loud. "I'm not interested in restoring it. I'd like to clear everything and redesign the layout to add a second floor. All the products will be made by hand. I'll have the basics, naturally, but I'll focus on more rare but necessary potions that are expensive. Once I get the business running, Theo wants to contract me for St Mungo's. A quarter of the profits will go towards additional funding for studies on Astoria's blood curse, and another quarter will go to Charles' research into my mother's disease and the search for the cureÑ" "My research." Draco did a double take. "What?" "IÑyou don't know." Hermione pushed her hands into her pockets for a moment. "I quit your mother's care not only because of you and a much-needed medical sabbatical, but also to go back to Healer Academy to study magical neurological diseases and disorders. When I finish and complete my apprenticeship, I'll head the research team into Narcissa's disease and oversee the experimentation aspect. There might not be a lot of time for Narcissa, but I want to find aÑ" He took six steps and swept her into a kiss that left her breathless. "You can use my garden to grow ingredients." The suggestion was out before she could stop herself, but once said aloud it felt right. "We have the space." Draco kept staring at her, which had the power to make her keep talking. "I'm sure eventually we'll need more help butÑ" "Is this a business proposition?" "No, but the garden will be a part of your business. It's as much yours as it is mine with everything you've brought. All you'll need is someone to help manage this." "I have zero interest in running this business. Once I finish with the task force, I plan to spend more time with Scorpius, brewing mainly while he's in school. However, I do have someone in mind to run the Apothecary." Draco chuckled. "If I can get him to leave California." "Who?" "Greg." "What?" That was the last name Hermione expected to hear. "Goyle? HeÑ" "Works in procurement. His wife's family runs a company in the States; they have a partnership with Blaise and Daphne's company. They're odd like Lovegood, heavily focused on ethically sourced products and cruelty-free procurement, which is a growing trend." Draco touched the end of her scarf. "They've been Daphne's source for the rarer Wolfsbane potion ingredients. As well as the reason you have a supply of dried kava." Hermione was so stunned she could barely comprehend what he'd said. "I didn't even know you were still friends. You never talk about him." "He's never come up, but I suppose there are still things you'll learn about me in time. And vice versa." Draco wasn't wrong. "But to answer your question, yes, we're all still friends. I haven't seen Greg since Astoria's funeral but we write often. He and his wife are responsible for a quarter of the toys Scorpius doesn't play with." Something they both chuckled at. "He'll be at Blaise's second ceremony in February." Quiet curiosity made Hermione excited for the reintroduction. "Apparently, Greg wants to work in a smaller business, which is why I suggested that he work with me, but he's used to the weather there and hates the rain. The only things in my favour are his wife's preference for Hogwarts over Ilvermorny and her interest in moving to Daphne and Blaise's company to help them expand." "Might get what you want." "I'm cautiously optimistic." "I expect nothing less." Hermione smiled. "Show me how you would set this place up." Draco slipped his hand in hers and led the way. Like times before, she was drawn less to what he was saying and more to the undertones of excitement and the way he got awkward whenever he wasn't quite sure about something or he changed his mind mid-sentence. Watching a stoic and pragmatic planner talk wistfully and dream was quickly becoming her favourite thing. It was like seeing Draco at his most vulnerable. And talkative. In fact, she was so focused on him that she didn't notice what she was doing until it was too late. She placed her hand on what appeared to be an empty shelf and cut herself on a large shard of stray glass. Pain shot through her hand as blood bloomed from the deep cut that stretched across her palm. Draco was quick, vanishing the glass stuck in her hand while Hermione healed the cut by clasping her hands together and whispering a healing charm as blood droplets hit the floor, one after the other. She felt her skin knit and heal under Draco's concerned gaze. The blood was easy to wash away with a spell, and once her hand was dry, she told him they could continue but Draco shook his head. "Let's get out of here." November 18, 2011 Perfect stillness reigned. When Hermione woke, moonlight was pouring into the room through the window. A quick glance at her clock showed her that dawn was at least an hour away. Draco was fast asleep, if his deep and even breathing was any way to judge. Carefully shifting so she was lying on her back, Hermione winced through each movement thanks to a familiar soreness from an exhaustive night of blurred pleasure and heady sensation. The world itself had been reduced to them, everything indistinct and vague as they gorged on each other while drifting in and out of sleep. More than once, Hermione woke with his mouth on her cunt or fingers curled inside her. Or with his mouth on her nipples while his cock teased her entrance. She returned the favour by drawing Draco from sleep with her lips wrapped around his cock or her fingers running the length of his shaft. Or already astride his hips, rocking until he either took control or surrendered. Still too eager to last, Hermione routinely smothered forming apologies with kisses while letting him make it up to her by bringing her off any way he desired. Draco was learning what worked for her and himself. And so was she. Draco's preference was simple. Her. They spent the night exploring and experimenting, on a quest to discover other predilections. Hard or gentle. Fast or slow. Top or bottom. On their sides or from behind. The options were endless and she didn't limit Draco to the bed, but they had yet to leave. Some positions were better for her, others better for him. Ever the student, Hermione made mental notes about the reactions he didn't know he'd had. Praise made his toes curl and the act of reducing him to incoherent moans and shouts taught Hermione something new about herself. She really was power hungry. At least for the power found in making him lose control. It was intoxicating. Exhilarating. Liberating. And just thinking about it in the early morning made her tingle. Wide awake, yet too tired to do anything about it, Hermione decided to relax and allow herself to sneak more than glances at him. Draco was all messy hair and pale skin with smudges of light bruises made by her fingers and mouth and teeth. While dozing in and out of sleep, she traced the parts of his tattoo she could reach until sunrise gave her the energy needed to pull herself from bed. Hermione soaked in the clawfoot tub. The water was just shy of too warm, bubbles tickled her chin, and she kept her eyes shut, breathing in the scent of eucalyptus and mint that soothed her muscles. She bathed and relaxed, body tingling, reluctant to leave the warmth until hunger drew her out. Wrapped in a towel, Hermione brushed her teeth while noting the second one next to hers. She arranged her hair into another bun and smirked at marks on her thighs and the ones she knew were hidden under the bath towel. They might have overdone it a bit, but she had no regrets or complaints. There was a knock on the door. "Come in." Draco peeked his head in first, then entered, wearing nothing except black briefs he'd likely picked up from where she'd tossed them on the bedroom floor last night. It was shockingly easy to lift up on the tips of her toes and press a quick kiss to his cheek, easier still to remind him where the towels were in order to shower. Sharing her space. "Breakfast?" She asked the question once she was back on her soles. "Eggs over easy aren't hard to do one-handed." "I'll shower first then come down and make tea." Draco stole another kiss. "And then?" He ran a finger along the top of the towel. "I'm sure you have some chores and the chicks to tend to. Longbottom will be in the greenhouse at some point. Perhaps before we pick up Scorpius, I could take you somewhere." "Oh?" "You once told me to take you to my favourite place." "Of course." Hermione wrapped her arms around him, without questioning how easy it all was, and allowed herself to enjoy it. Draco pressed his lips to her forehead. "Maybe we could talk about all this there." He chuckled, mouth still on her skin. "About?" "Boundaries and everything. Because I'm me and I want us to be on the same page about as much as possible. I think we're both going to take time getting used to making decisions together, and I'm sure we're going to mess up, of course, but there are some things we should consider first." Hermione could almost feel the judgment wafting off him when he rested his chin on top of her head. "If you want more time, that's fine." "We can." "We can still have an indulgent day. We deserve it." "I doubt either of us know how to properly indulge." "I'm willing to try." A pause. "So am I." Hermione left him to shower, and changed into something comfortable before venturing downstairs ravenous with breakfast in mindÑonly to find Ginny in her kitchen at the stove. It smelled like a fry up. Oh no. "Morning sunshine! Breakfast is done. Harry's being tormented by the kids, and I thought you might like a bit of company." At Hermione's raised brow, Ginny came clean. "Okay I'm here to check on you. You weren't home when I came by yesterday afternoon." Yes she was, but apparently neither of them had heard the Floo. "Um." She folded her arms. "I'm just fine. You canÑ" "Padma told me you were upset about something, but I couldn't squeeze details out of her. And I also know things between you and Draco haven't been resolved. So, I'm here to lend an ear. I'd make mimosas but you can't drink. A pity, really, though I could probably have a couple for myself in your honour." "You see, about that, IÑ" "Don't be stubborn." Ginny's brown eyes turned dangerous. "Accept my fry up and tell me if you want your bacon fried, crispy, or chewy. I made all three options. Then we'll eat and you can tell me all your feelings aboutÑ" The pipes groaned as the water turned on upstairs. Hermione and Ginny turned towards the sound, then back to each other. Her world slowed on its axis as her friend seemed to cycle between confusion, shock, and surprise before settling on a leer that made her look positively maniacal. "Bloody." "No." "Fucking." "Ginny." "Merlin." "Stop." Hermione ran around the island and jumped on her back to silence Ginny before she shrieked. In a dignified manner, of course. Only, Ginny wasn't budging. They were roughly the same height, but the redhead wouldn't be taken down, resisting when Hermione covered her mouth. Ginny all but carried her on her back towards the sitting area. The fact she was able to turn off the cooker and move the pan over with ease was just offensive. It was an easy reminder that she had three children, was in excellent Quidditch.playing shape, and couldn't be tamed. Ginny dropped her on the cushion and sat next to her, laughing while Hermione sulked. "Do we have to discuss this now?" Ginny's lifted eyebrow answered the question. The shower was still going. "Fine," Hermione huffed. "Quickly. I don't know how long he'll be there." "So, MalfoyÑ" "Is upstairs taking a shower because he spent the night." She didn't bring up the previous day at all. It would only initiate more discussion. "I'm supposed to be making over easy eggs before he comes down to make tea." "Oh, lucky guess then." "Do you need to leave right now? Yes." Ginny caught hold of the urgency in her tone, smile widening. She clearly had been spending too much time with Pansy. "You two worked it out." "Long story short: we had a row and he apologised with an olive tree from the Manor's greenhouse." "That's practical, oddly sentimental, and incredibly romanticÑI have questions." "I don't have answers." "Fair." Ginny touched her chin. "Also thank fuck it happened before next weekend. Everyone owes Luna and I money." They both paused to listen for the water. It was still on. "In fairness, I had insider information from your first shag and I've learned since Halia not to bet against Luna, but no one needs to know that." "You really have been spending too much time with Pansy. Also, you're all horrid for betting on us." "Please. Betting was the only way to stop Pansy from yelling at you." "She did that already. Loudly. There were tears and arguing and later apologies." "I did my best. SoÉ how was your night? You look shagged out but bright-eyed. Good one, then." Ginny looked at her closer, her face transforming into a beacon of pride. "More than two? Good for you. You also have a bruise rightÑ" Hermione slapped a hand over her neck where she knew Draco's teeth had made an impression at some point. Several points, actually. "Kidding." Ginny practically cackled. "Just wanted some questions answered and things confirmed. You're too easy." "Get out." "Fine, fine." She stood up and Hermione followed her to the Floo. "Take your potions! Enjoy your morning and my breakfast." "You mean our day until we pick up Scorpius?" Ginny looked supremely impressed. "We intend to." When she left, Hermione blocked her Floo, then for good measure, blocked the one in her office before looking at the meal Ginny had left behind. By the time Draco came downstairs wearing joggers and a shirt with bare feet and glasses, breakfast was already plated. He tilted his head to the side, knowing she hadn't made everything herself. "Ginny stopped by to make cheer-me-up breakfast only to realise I'm quite cheery." "Does sheÑ" "Yes." Draco looked away as he brought his thumb to his lips in what looked like an attempt to cover his smirk. It didn't work. She privately wondered if her growing ease with them was seeping through his cracks. Time would tell. He went about making tea while Hermione tended to the chicks. She washed her hands before they ate in near silence broken by the sound of happy little chirps. It was comfortable. But not nearly as nice as lying on the chaise with him after, lazily reading a book while Draco rested his head on her chest and she absently combed her fingers through his hair. For the better part of an hour, while the sun climbed higher in the sky and the clouds rolled in, he dozed. And so did she. It was unsurprising how tired she was. Draco was a tangible weight that felt secure and her eyes were heavy. Sleep made sense. The next time she woke, Hermione had no idea what time it was, but she did know she was alone. Turning her head in preparation to sit up, she spotted Draco watering plants. He picked up one of his son's rehab succulents and squinted at the name and watering directions written on the side of the pot before placing it back where it belonged. Rather than interrupt, Hermione watched as he moved to the floating brooder. She had just enough time to wonder what Draco was doing before he reached in and retrieved a baby chick. The sight was unexpectedly attractive. Even when Draco frowned at the chick. Especially then. "A traditional pet." There was a pause before he glanced over his shoulder. "Isn't that what you suggested?" "How did you know I was awake?" Hermione sat up fully. "You stopped snoring." Was that a joke? His following smirk indicated yes. Hermione rolled her eyes, a chuckle escaping her. After pulling herself off the chaise, she joined Draco with the chicks, picking up a second one while he scooped the last. The first one was settled in his palm, chirping happily. "I think they like you." She couldn't help but smile. "Their chirping woke me." "They're happy." Soft and warm, too. "Not terrible, right?" Draco gave her a look. "Do you think I could buy him a pet for penance?" "For?" Hermione proceeded to pet the chick settled in her hand. "I'm still apologising." When she made a small noise, he shifted both into one hand. "You have thoughts." "Always, but I'd hold off on a penance pet." One by one, Hermione returned the chicks to their brooder and soon they were huddled together. "What did he say to you? His word? Mine was hi." "He just called me Dad." Draco seemed to reflect on his answer as the corner of his lip twitched so quickly she barely noticed it before it evened into something inexplicable. Warm and proud, yet humbled. He didn't take the title lightly. She wondered how long it had been since he'd heard the word from his son. If he ever had at all. "What time is it?" He changed the subject and she allowed it, feeling a familiar pull of emotions tug on her heart. "After two." Draco stepped closer. "Lunch, potions, and we can go. Have you been cleared to Apparate?" "I was last week." Hermione shuffled from foot to foot. "But I'm not ready to do it alone. Not yet, at least." They had Vietnamese for lunch in a restaurant on the other side of the city and after they left, Hermione didn't untangle her arm from his, not even as they joined the walking path filled with others enjoying the dry day. They ambled slowly, the silence sporadic, taking in the sights all around them. After a particularly long stretch, Draco led them off the path to an Apparition point. It wasn't the first time Draco offered his arm, and trust came as easy as him waiting until she was ready before extracting his wand. The pull left Hermione nauseated, disoriented from the violent memory, but they landed smoothly, even if she didn't let go or open her eyes until certain smells and sounds smothered the memories. Pine and crisp air. Birds and lapping water. They were on the shores of an island ringed by a lake and surrounded by a dense forest. It was sunny but brisk, and the irony of Draco's favourite place being one marked in solitude wasn't lost on her. And neither was the tent sitting in the middle of the wilderness. "It's beautiful." Hermione did one full revolution. "Do you come here often?" "No." "Then how do you know it's your favourite place?" "Get in, Granger." He gestured to the tent. "I know you're wonderingÑ" "Why go into nature and then block it out with a tent?" Hermione gave him a look before complying. "Of course I'm wondering about that." And then she understood. The tent was charmed to look mundane, but looks could be deceiving. Draco put down blankets, and they sat in the centre, looking around at untouched nature from the warmth of their shelter. It reminded her of sitting in her conservatory, watching the world just beyond the charmed tent walls. They watched the water, the sky, and everything in between. Hermione leaned against him in the silence, her hand on his thigh. "You brought me here to talk, butÉ" Hermione trailed off, distracted by nature. "I'll be brief when I say I'm not interested in us being public news quickly." "I agree. Friends and family first." "My mother knows, but given your discussion with her, I'm assuming you told her." "She already knew." She chuckled. "I don't think we're as subtle as we think." Draco laid back and she joined him, eyes on the partly cloudy sky. "I don't believe in involving others in my relationships," Hermione said after a long silence. "Harry knew more about my problems with Ron than I did. Everyone was involved in our fights. But I'm a private person, and I'd prefer to keep our issues between us and sort through them ourselves. I think we've been direct enough with each other to not drag everyone in when we disagree." "Fair." "Beyond that, we'll cross that bridge. Ginny already knows, so I imagine Harry will soon." Draco made a face. "Harry already had an idea and I'm under the impression he didn't get it from me." "Perhaps I asked him about you once or twice." Draco sighed and turned his head just in time to catch her disbelieving glare. "Potter's not half the friend you think he is. He doesn't even know your favourite flower." "I don't have one." She laughed. "I like anything useful, which is why I'll be looking up how to cure olives to make oil." "Perhaps a trip to a library is in order." Hermione smiled. "I doubt that particular library has books on olive oil making, but they do have some books onÑ" "You don't have a time limit. You're free to go there as you wish. With or without me." "Thank you." She said it anyway even though she already knew. He'd given her access, after all. And as she watched him, as she felt his thumb riding the highs and lows of her knuckles, she realised that in some ways Draco was like the tree he gave her. Olives grew where nothing else could. Resilient to fire and drought, the trees produced bitter fruit only edible through care. A process every bit worth the effort. "My timing is terrible in all of this. I know what's coming up, and I'm not sure how to navigate it with you or Scorpius. I imagine it'll be a rough day all around. Truthfully, I was planning to wait until after it to talk to you, but Theo didn't think you should go into the day alone. He thought youÉ. Well, he thought having someone might help. So, I went to your office and you weren't there, but the pictures were." "I'm still sorry." "About being a complete arse? I know, but I wasn't exactly communicative. I knew I needed to make several changes and I planned them out. I don't like saying I'll do something and not following through. My focus was singular and I never thought about what it would look like to you. You both mean enough to me that a half-arsed plan would never suffice." Draco looked away and Hermione rested her head against him. "It's been about more than you." He inhaled and slowly let out the breath. "Astoria's anniversary and the fact that I worry about every step I take. I meant what I said. I want everything, but I'm also navigating what that entails." "I still have my issues, my insecurities and fears of failure. We both do. Loving each other hasn't changed our situation overnight, admitting it won't change who we are, but doing both has been a leap of faith. At least we're navigating this together." She nudged him. "So let's create a space and figure out what we need to put in it to thrive." Chuckling darkly, Draco turned his head towards her. "You sound like Kingsley." "I'm pretty certain that was him speaking through my subconscious." Hermione smiled. "He's given me a lot of advice over the years, taught me about bees, and I've come from each conversation with an understanding about lifeÉ and lately, about you." "Bees helped you understand me?" "In ways." Draco fell silent and she held steady in it with him, feeling his thumb swiping over the grooves of her knuckles, twice over her ring finger before she opened her hand to him, accepting his warmth. "How about this? When we pick up Scorpius, let's pause in telling him until after. Catherine will be leaving later so we'll spend a week or two at my house, just the three of us, get him used to the concept. It'll be a time for us to figure out what we want to do. Call it anÑ" "Experiment?" Draco's smile slowly grew wider as the first signs of sunset reached above the trees. "There was a time you refused to do that." "I suppose I finally saw somethingÑor rather, I allowed myself to see something that inspired me to try." "And that is?" "You." The father. The son. The man. Scorpius packed his own bag. He left with it slung over his shoulder, and though Hermione had praised him for doing such a good job, she chuckled at its contents. Markers without colouring books or parchment. A blanket of hers he always kept close. His toothbrush. A baggie with the tooth he'd lost that morning. The clothing choices included snitch pyjamas, five bowties, and nothing else. Catherine peeked her head in. "Need anything before I leave?" "A spare bag for Scorpius' things. He packed himself." The two exchanged growing smirks. "What did he leave behind?" "Everything." It didn't take long before Catherine had a bag with extendable charms on the bed and they'd packed more than enough clothes for the time they would be staying at her home. Scorpius' wardrobe was larger than hers and mostly untouched, which made it easy to pick a suit for the day of remembrance. A coat for the cold days. Socks and undergarments. A wide array of trousers, shirts, and comfortable jumpers in different colours. A variety of shoes. Options for a little boy who was learning to make his own choices. Catherine folded each item and packed them with care while Hermione looked around for comforting things. She had just placed the projector inside the bag when the other witch finished folding the last piece of clothing. "What time is your Portkey?" Hermione checked her watch. "Thirty minutes." "All packed?" "I am. My parents are thrilled." Catherine was going home to her family until the start of her new role once Scorpius was enrolled in a new school. "I haven't been home for this long since I finished school. It'll be nice to see everyone. I'm grateful for Mr Malfoy's generosity." Draco had given her a bonus large enough to make her cry. "You've been working hard with the children, and it's much appreciated by everyone. You and Mr Graves have helped things run smoothly." The tutor's last lesson a few days ago was the first time Hermione had seen the elderly man smile. He was off to start his retirement on a vacation to Istanbul. Catherine shut the bag and gave her a curious look. "Where will Scorpius spend his days while his father works?" "At the Burrow or with me." "He'll love it." Catherine's smile turned shy. "HeÑI'm not sure if you know this, but he's talking. At least to the others. Freely, at that. I happened upon them chatting but hid so he wouldn't be nervous or stop." "Thank you for telling me, but yes I know. He's beginning to talk to me and has spoken to his aunt and his father once. IÑ" She stopped when the other witch gasped. "Is everything okay?" "Yes." Catherine looked borderline tearful. "I'm just really, really proud of him. Things were difficult when I started, and I didn't know if I would make it to the end of the year. And now he's like a completely different child, not lonely or miserable. Not hiding. He has you and a closer relationship with his father. He has friends and interests. He smiles and laughs. He's going to school. I justÑ" "He has you, too." For all Hermione's earlier frustrations with Catherine, it was obvious how deeply she cared for Scorpius, how hard she tried, even if it wasn't always productive. But Catherine had learned and corrected behaviours, and for that, the young witch would always have Hermione's respect. She offered Catherine her hand. "Come now, let me see you off." And they did just that in the backyard, but she wasn't alone. Scorpius was at her side. "Be sure to Floo call when you're settled. I packed a potion to help with Portkey nausea." "I will. Thank you." Catherine adjusted her bag over her shoulder, careful not to drop the Portkey Draco had given herÑa white and gold FabergŽ egg. "I'll see you both in January." Hermione hugged her first and Scorpius did the same before returning to her side. "Safe travels." "Thank you." "Bye," whispered the boy shyly burying his face in her side. His farewell stunned Catherine so much it took a few seconds for her to respond. "Bye." And then she was gone. Scorpius went to his father's office while Hermione made sure to put Mint with his two bags so it wouldn't be left behind. The glow of the runes on the pot meant the plant needed for nothing. Her walk to Draco's office stopped at the doorway, where she found both father and son staring at each other. "One thing you want to do." Draco signed as he spoke. Scorpius went through his normal range of indecisive looks before something made him light up and take off running, stopping in front of her to ask where his bag was. Hermione signed that it was on the sofa and off he went. "Everything okay?" She massaged her sore hand. "Yes, I promised that we could do one thing together tonight. His choice." Penance. Hermione gave it no thought, not even when Scorpius returned looking nervous and a bit mischievous but overall excited. Hours later, after dinner, they lounged in her lit conservatory, listening to Draco tell a rare story to Scorpius. Instead of constellations or history, he talked about Astoria. She excused herself to give them time alone, but Draco asked her to stay. Listen. Slowly and with numerous breaks, he spoke of Astoria's imagination and love of creativity. How when she was well enoughÑand even when she wasn'tÑshe would listen to music at full volume, much to Narcissa's aggravation. How Daphne and Dean showed her that love was more powerful than hate. How war taught her that anything built on hatred would eventually be torn down by it. And she helped Draco understand the same. She forced him to learn about a world and the people he was biased against, and thinking for himself made him understand. And, lastly, Draco told him about how simple things like fresh air, sunshine, and moments of rebellious independence helped Astoria live. He likes the sun. For several minutes after Draco finished, Scorpius oscillated between staring at his father, his hands, and the darkening skies beyond the glass. Hermione spent the same stretch of time deep in thought, full of emotions she was processing, only snapping back into focus when Scorpius got up and walked into the house. Neither knew what to think or what was going on in his head, but he returned with the bag he'd packed himself. Draco looked as perplexed as Hermione felt when he pulled out a wooden box. It hadn't been there before, but perhaps it was the last thing he'd run off to obtain. "What is it?" And you? Scorpius signed shakily, cheeks flushed. It reminded Hermione of what she'd told Draco. He wants to know you. Scorpius opened the top and turned it over on the table. What looked like hundreds of folded scraps of parchment fell out of a box charmed to hold far more than its dimension suggested. It very well could have been each note Draco had written over the course of many, many months. The pieces of his father he'd been trying to fit together. To learn him. To know him better. Read, Scorpius signed to his visibly stunned father. Please. Draco went to pick one up, but Scorpius stopped him, pulling one from his pocket. It looked more worn than the rest, as if he'd folded it and refolded it countless times. Cherished. With much hesitation, Scorpius offered the note with both hands. At first, Hermione thought he wouldn't let it go, but he did. Slowly. Draco cleared his throat. "You want me to read this one first?" Scorpius nodded, cheeks flushing with a mix of nerves and excitement while watching his father open the parchment. He put on his glasses, skimmed the note, and looked at his son standing patiently, waiting to hear whatever it said. "Why this one in pÑ" Draco stopped when Scorpius stepped closer, blue eyes locked on him, insistent and vulnerable. While Hermione wasn't sure she was breathing, Draco appeared more nervous than she had ever seen him. But exchanged looks seemed to settle something in them both. He placed the note on the table and rested both hands on his son's shoulders. Drew him closer. Familiar words of a father's devotion escaped him in a rush. Words he meant. Words Scorpius needed to hear straight from the source. "You're the best choice I've ever made." November 21, 2011 For the last hour, Draco stared at two different ensembles floating in front of him. He switched the ties and debated over wearing one at all. Vest or no vest? Did he want to wear the button down with the traditional collar or one with no collar at all? The leather or dragon-hide shoes? Small differences in texture and cut aside, every piece was the exact same shade of black, but Hermione knew better than to say that. She only offered a response when her opinion was asked and watched as his hands flexed in brittle frustration. That prompted her to move from the bed to his side. "This isn't about your clothes." Draco had been quiet and reflective during several points in the last couple of days, a cycle that likely started before their argument, given the hints and the talk they had in the tent, but it became more evident when Scorpius asked her to help him make a gift for his mother. No doubt he had a lot on his mind, swaying on a pendulum between extremes. Happiness and grief. Excitement and anxiety. Doubt and strength. Fluctuating by the hour. The minute. The second. Timing could be as bittersweet as grief was cyclical. "Astoria hated black." The tie Draco had been debating on floated into his hand. "She thought it was fitting for me, but also said I looked depressing." "What colour did she like?" "Peach. The colour of the fringe of the rug in my office." Draco pulled a face. "It was hers." The one Hermione had called terribly unsightly on her first visit, but also the rug she'd spotted Scorpius sitting or lying on multiple times over the months. Likely because it had been hers. A comfort. And because it didn't match a thing in Draco's office, Hermione quietly wondered if that had been the reason he'd put it there in the first place. It sounded like something the Draco who was unsure how to engage with his son would do. "Is this your first visit since?" Hermione summoned the trousers and offered them to him. "No. In May for her birthday. Then in July when her headstone was set. I went alone both times." A decision borne by habit not necessity. "Her parents are doing a large memorial at sunset with their extended family. My mother will attend in my stead." "Why?" "Astoria's relationship with them soured when they cut Daphne off after she begged them not to. It only worsened after they tried to talk her out of having Scorpius. They tried towards the end, but Astoria said she didn't need to fully mend that relationship to be at peace." Hermione looked down. "She went through the motions of life in society as my wife whenever she was well enough, but I know she hated the attention that came with being married to me. She wouldn't want the extra effort today." "Then don't make any." "It's customary to." "This is about Astoria, not customs." Hermione picked a black button down. "You have nothing to prove to anyone today. She was your wife. Your best friend. Don't only honour her memory, honour her in whatever way you want." Draco said nothing while he placed each article of clothing on the bed. "Will youÉ" "Stay? Of course." They spent the morning making use of Hermione's telly. Astoria liked films and her favourite was old but in colour. The Wizard of Oz. Scorpius watched while they dined on an arrangement of crepes Draco made with the sort of ease that only came from familiarity. Not at all breakfast food, but it was Astoria's favourite. The way Scorpius laughed at Scarecrow's entrance, paid close attention to the Cowardly Lion, and wasn't at all scared of the witch or the flying monkeys told her this wasn't his first time seeing it. But it was Draco's. After helping Scorpius dress, father and son took a walk through the greenhouse while Hermione changed into something suitable for the day. The plan was to meet at Draco's and take one of their hired cars to the cemetery. When she came down to see Dean waiting for her, Hermione was perplexed until he explained Draco had taken Scorpius back to the house ahead of her for one last thing and asked him to come through and wait on her. Hermione thought nothing of it until she stepped into the Malfoys' living room and was confronted with change. The walls were no longer bare. Four small, scenic oil paintings hung side by side. Astoria's paintings. Likely chosen by the little boy looking at them from his place in father's arms. Daphne was at his side, leaned on him. And when Draco wrapped a slow arm around her, Hermione heard her first whispered words. "Beautiful." Just like the woman they were honouring. Just like the blue skies and soft sun they were met with when they entered the cemetery at noon. Just like the arrangement of flowers, bold against Draco's black attire. Lisianthus for gratitude and appreciation. Tulips for elegance and grace. Yellow roses for friendship. For the second time that day, Draco stood with DaphneÑhis hand on her shoulder and hers on his back. An indeterminate amount of time later, he slowly kneeled in the grass and placed the bouquet on Astoria's grave. It joined the single red rose that had been there when they arrived. Theo, most likely. And then Daphne placed her contribution next to hisÑred camellias, a flower sometimes laid on the graves of heroes. It spoke more than Daphne had all day. She touched the petal of the gladiolus that still stood tall in full bloom, bowed her head, and walked farther into the cemetery towards the willow in the centre. "She needs a moment," Dean whispered to Pansy, who no doubt was starting to move. Now alone, Draco looked back at them, and the signal prompted Hermione to give Scorpius an encouraging squeeze as she lowered herself to his level. Rosy cheeks, head covered and protected from the cold, and gloved hands. He looked around with trepidation. "Are you scared of this place?" Scorpius shook his head but leaned in until his forehead was touching hers. He took a few breaths before whispering, "Do I look okay?" She caught Dean's shocked look in the corner of her eye. "You look very handsome." Hermione still fixed his bowtie, smoothed invisible wrinkles from his coat, touched the flower pinned to his coat, and re-tied his shoes before sending him to join his father. She rose to her full height and felt Pansy's shaking hand slip into hers. Slow, wobbling steps paused each time Scorpius looked back to where she stood with Dean. For a moment, Scorpius seemed frozen between going forward and returning to her, but then Draco extended his hand. Trust brought him closer. The weight of his still-kneeling father's hand holding his helped the little boy settle. They looked more alike than ever, both in black, fair blond hair bright in the sunlight. Draco spoke to him, low words he seemed to struggle with, but stopped when Scorpius stepped closer to trace the name carved in the headstone with one gloved hand. He seemed to be committing the letters to memory with each turn of his fingertip. Arms wrapped around her middle to protect herself from the brittle cold, Hermione just watched the scene in front of her unfold. For all of Draco's quiet concerns, Scorpius was strong. Brave. It was hard to read Scorpius' emotions with only his back and his father's reactions for clues, but his shoulders didn't tremble, and his fingers never left the stone. Judging from the shock that bloomed on his father's face, he spoke before pulling something from his pocket and placing it with his father's flowers. An envelope that gave nothing away. She only knew of the note written by him. Maybe he'd added a drawing of the past or the present or the future. Hermione couldn't be sure. The secret of the envelope's contents wasn't hers to know. It was for his mother. As were the pink carnation petals he'd pressed between folded pages of loose parchment. The white flower pinned to his coat was his next offering, a task that took so long Draco tried to help but Scorpius managed without assistance. Next to the note and the petals, he placed it carefully. Then he was back at his father's side, leaned against him and staring at the headstone. Scorpius nodded once before Draco stood, took him by the hand, and led the way over to where Daphne stood under the tree. Only then did Pansy and Dean start to move. Hermione, too, but as she passed Astoria's grave, she slowed. Stopped. Pansy looked back when she released her hand. "Just a minute." She felt the need to pay her respects. "IÑhi." Hermione felt strange talking to the grave of a woman she'd never known, but once the words were out, there was a feeling of peace. "I've heard so much about you." She rested her hand on the headstone. "There's so much I want to ask you, so much I want to know, so much I want to say. I've thought about it for days but now I can only think to say thank you." For the lessons she taught Draco and the man she'd helped him become. For the life and the heart she gave to Scorpius. For all the lives she touched and moulded and forever changed. For the grace she had until the end. "My heart hurts for all the things and people that you should be here for, for the sacrifices you made, the pain you endured." Her grief for the loss of a woman she never knew was complex. Without Astoria's sacrifices, Hermione's life would look very different right now. She lowered herself to her knees, pulled out her wand, and conjured a wreath of pink carnations. From one mother to another. "I'm not perfect, and I still have so much to learn, but I will. I'll take care of them. Love them both. Just as you wanted." She was like a gladiolus, forever in bloom. Never forgotten. A gift Hermione didn't know the meaning of when given but now understood with crystal clarity. Slowly, she rose to her feet and did a double take at something in her peripheral, but saw nothing, blaming the moisture gathering along her lashes for the mistake. She joined Pansy, who waited far enough away to give her privacy. "Everything okay?" Pansy asked when she looked around. "Yes." The rest of the afternoon passed slowly. The emotional windfall of the day settled on Scorpius shortly after they returned and left him clinging to his father. The trip had taken every ounce of his energy. Draco carried him around the greenhouse, and they ate tangerines under the olive tree. When he finally got teary-eyed and broke down, he went from one embrace to the other until he settled against his father and fell asleep. Carefully, Draco changed his exhausted son into something comfortable. Worn out, he didn't rouse and Hermione left them to it. By the time she changed and tended to the chicks, she happened upon them both in their bed asleep with Draco curled around his son as if shielding the parts of him he could. Hermione climbed into bed behind Draco and fell asleep protecting them both. There was no telling how much time passed when she heard the knocking. After checking on them both, okay with the fact that they were fast asleep, Hermione left for the source of the noise. Harry. He was pacing in front of the Floo, dressed in Auror robes with a panicked gleam in his eye. "Harry, what is it?" "Sorry." He ran a hand through his messy hair. "I know what today is and I didn't want to come here with the news, but it couldn't wait. Where's Malfoy?" "He and Scorpius are asleepÑ" A throat cleared from the top of the stairs. And then Draco descended. "Potter?" he inquired once he was at her side. "I don't know how it happened, we're interviewing everyone and testing wandsÑ" "Slow down, Harry." Hermione didn't like how frazzled he looked. "What happened?" "Cormac's gone." November 24, 2011 Reality was sometimes an odd experience. Finding Narcissa and Andromeda sitting in the conservatory at sunrise was the strangest morning yet. "They're still sleeping." Draco had gotten back late last night after a Cormac sighting led to a dead end. He'd found her and Scorpius asleep in the conservatory after stargazing. Ever so quiet, he carried his son upstairs and tucked him in with the growing confidence thatÑas Scorpius had done each night beforeÑhe'd sleep through the night. When they were alone, Hermione made him eat and they worked through some of the stranger details of Cormac's disappearance, beginning with how. Wand tests had been negative for anything suspicious, which meant little, but it seemed as though he'd simply walked out during the change in shift. There was evidence he'd gone home, but from there, outside of a sighting at Gringotts, he was gone. It was well after midnight when Hermione sent him to shower, and she said nothing when he joined her in bed. Under the covers, they talked about anything elseÑthoughts and residual feelings mainly, but she held every thread of conversation until Draco dropped off. She fell asleep soon after. Hermione rose in the early hours and walked through the greenhouse, completing the chores she could before Neville and Luna arrived. Mostly watering and monitoring for signs of growth from the newly awakened olive tree. She'd only returned to the house at the first signs of sunrise to attempt to make breakfast. And there she'd found the odd sight of two sisters waiting for her return. "Still sleeping? How interesting." Narcissa rose to her feet slowly after Andromeda moved towards Hermione. "I have never known Draco to sleep this late. Not since he was a boy." Neither had she, but at least two of the last five days they'd been here, Draco had slept past sunrise. Scorpius, too. "There appear to be chickens in here." Hermione couldn't see Narcissa's face but knew she probably had a look of distaste. "I promised Scorpius a while ago that I would get him a chicken of his own. It turned into three. I didn't want to separate them." Narcissa said nothing, only peered into their little home. The three were snuggled together. She had opinions, of course, but her eyes were as warm as the quirk of her smile. "And ScorpiusÑ" "Has been very much part of caring for them." A slightly raised eyebrow was all she received in response. "I assume you both are staying for breakfast." Hermione accepted a hug from a smirking Andromeda. "What is it?" "Nothing." She released her and Hermione led the way back into the house. "Do you need some help?" Hermione didn't but she let Andromeda assist anyway while Narcissa sat on the stool and watched. The act was slower than usual, cooking took longer, cracking eggs was a task with her tremor, and her grip hadn't quite recovered but she was determined. Day by day, she was still improving. And Andromeda never stepped in on her task, just completed her own. Scorpius came down first, still yawning and bleary-eyed. His hair pointed in all directions when he signed good morning, and much to their shock, he hugged everyone before wandering to the conservatory. Hermione had observed his morning routine before: greet Mint and the other rehab plants before checking the chicks' food and water. Far more comfortable with Andromeda, she wasn't visibly shocked by the little boy's move, but Narcissa was. A casually affectionate hug was a huge step from hesitant handshakes and the occasional lean. Hermione smiled. "Give him a bit, he's not really awake yÑ" Now wide-eyed, Scorpius reappeared, bumping into the doorway too quickly to have completed all his tasks. He started to sign, but kept stopping. The only words forming were apologies and broken signs she couldn't understand. "Hey, there's nothing to be embarrassed about or sorry for, okay? So long as you want to give them, we all want your hugs." Hermione looked at Narcissa, who was blinking at her grandson until she cleared her throat pointedly. "Right?" "OfÑof course." For as much progress as they'd made, Narcissa still seemed to not know what to do. She still came off stilted, but she was trying and that was what mattered. The two stared at each other before Scorpius nodded bashfully. "Go on and finish then wash up for breakfast and wake up your dad." Still red in the face, Scorpius left, and when he was gone, the three exchanged looks. "We're working on normalising affection so when he feels like he needs it, he won't only come to me." Hermione finished Draco's over easy eggs. Andromeda handled the meat. Narcissa waved her wand to send plates and cups into the conservatory to set the table. She heard movement upstairs and knew the difference between father and son. Draco would be down soon, but his appearance with Scorpius in one arm and his crossword puzzle in the other made Andromeda's eyes widen. "Good morning, Draco." "Good morning." He greeted his mother similarly before placing Scorpius on his feet and sending him into the conservatory. Andromeda followed, carrying two plates with the others hovering in front of her. Narcissa looked at them both, smirked, and followed her sister into the conservatory. To her, Draco's greeting wasn't vocal. His hands wrapped around her waist while she was buttering the toast. Or trying to. The tremors had stopped her. Draco gently plucked the knife from her hand, but she didn't move while he took over, then placed it on the plate and turned her around slowly, pulling her against him. Hermione craned her neck as she wrapped both arms around his waist. "Good morning." Draco's kiss was a welcome response. "How long have they been here?" "They were here when I came in from the greenhouse." "Tea?" "I left it for you to make." "Good." She didn't tell him what flavour she had in mind, but he did cast a look over his shoulder before nodding in the direction of the conservatory. "Go sit." Draco joined them at the table with tea for everyone and juice for Scorpius. Breakfast passed quickly with more conversation than expected. With Teddy returning home in a few weeks for Christmas, Andromeda was in cleaning mode. Narcissa had an appointment with Charles at the house. Neville was coming over to test the soil in the greenhouse, and Scorpius was set to be his companion with Luna. Susan would be by for therapy later on. Draco, despite last night's interlude, was technically on holiday for the next three days, which meant he would be harassing Harry off and on all day from her office. Scorpius was the first to leave the table, signing to excuse himself to change for the day. Draco signed back the same thing he did each day. Tomorrow? Yes. Andromeda waited until Scorpius was gone to ask her question. "Have you told him?" "We did, yesterday morning." She and Draco exchanged looks. "His reaction was on par with what I expected." Scorpius didn't have one. He'd thoughtfully looked between them, face cycling through an array of emotionsÑthree of which looked like various degrees of confusionÑbefore he shrugged and signed his only question. To her. Can I go play? And that was it. He'd spent the afternoon running around The Burrow with the three Potter kids while she and Molly had tea. When she told Molly about Draco, she didn't look the least bit surprised. Molly had apparently considered it upon meeting Scorpius for the first time, but hadn't known the real possibility until the hospital. Her only lament was that she needed more yarn. Hermione had chuckled at the thought of Draco wearing a Weasley jumper, but when Molly asked what colour, she was quick to answer. Grey. The next hour passed with preparations. Andromeda went with Narcissa but only after helping Hermione with the dishes. Scorpius, dressed to work in coveralls, a long shirt, and garden boots, left for the greenhouse hand-in.hand with Luna, who was smiling at the sight she and Draco made on the sofa in the conservatory. "Surprises are wonderful, aren't they Scorpius?" Luna's dreamy voice left the little boy with a beaming smile before he followed her out. "What was that about?" Draco asked once they were alone. "No idea." Hermione shrugged. "Luna being Luna?" "She has Sight, you know." He adjusted his glasses. "Not fully manifested, I don't think. I still don't know what she was trying to tell me at Solstice." "What?" "She randomly approached me and said something about there being a single choice between everything and nothing. Then she left. I thought nothing of it until Halloween when she told me the moon wasn't truly alone. My aunt told me then she suspected that Lovegood had a touch of Sight." It made sense. Hermione thought of all the odd things she'd said to her with increasing frequency, and considered deconstructing her words to find meaning but she let it go. Whatever happened would reveal itself in time. Draco said nothing when she looked at his progress on his crossword puzzle, smirking only when Hermione purposefully gave him an incorrect answer after he called her annoying. He didn't take the bait. "Fourteen down is cosmo, nine across is Havasu and twenty-three across is Aikido, which means eighteen down can't be syne." "If you know those answers already, why haven't you filled them in?" "I like to do them in order." "And in pen." Hermione's horrified tone made him suppress his amused chuckle with a cough. "Why do crossword puzzles when you know all the answers?" "It's good for the mind, apparently." He glanced over at the spot where his mother once sat. "Besides, I don't know all the answers. Multiple answers are common in crosswords and aren't always noted in clues. It's about knowing the possibilities and picking the best one." She frowned. "Crosswords are supposed to be reliable." Draco leaned in a little closer. "Nothing wrong with an experiment." "True." He had been the biggest one of all. As always, the arrival of Albus Potter was chaotic and met with a quiet groan from Draco that turned sharp when she elbowed him in the ribs. He had the decency to not look as annoyed when the bright-eyed boy hopped to his side. "I'm here, Mr Draco!" Then he turned to Hermione. "Hi, Auntie Mione!" "Hi Albus, where's your mum?" "Here." Ginny waved from the doorway. "He was insistent on coming here today versus going to the Burrow." "Where's Scorp?" Albus looked around. "In the greenhouse with Miss Luna and Mr Neville." Albus went into his bag, pulled out his goggles and gloves, and put them on. At least, he tried to. Ginny helped him with the second glove. When he finished, he beamed proudly, missing teeth and all. But then curious, goggled green eyes turned back to them. "If you're Auntie 'Mione, can I call you Uncle Draco?" Every adult eye met. Foolishly, she hadn't considered the possibility of Scorpius telling Albus. Hermione folded her hands, one over the other. "Well, Al, IÑ" "I'd rather you didn't." "That's not a no!" Al's excitement intensified. "Thanks Uncle Draco! Bye Mum!" And then he was off, running out the door and towards the greenhouse, eager to reunite with his friend. Draco looked like he'd been forced to chew rocks. "You had to know it was going to go like that." Ginny's humour was met with a glare. Hermione patted his shoulder. "I'm off to work." Her friend's smile turned into a leer. "You two, enÑ" "Actually, I'm off to the greenhouse and Draco isÑ" "Going to Floo call Potter." After Ginny left, they parted with a kiss and Hermione spent the next several hours with the boys, Neville, and Luna in the greenhouse. Neville showed them how to fertilise the soil while Hermione explained how often it needed to be done. Luna just let them dig their gloved hand in the dirt and explore. Al's shirt was soiled in seconds and Scorpius made it worse trying to wipe it off. The educational morning ended when Susan turned up for therapy. Draco appeared in the doorway halfway through Hermione trying to hold her wand in the right hand for the first time since September, and he stayed as they talked through the plan going forward. "How's your pain?" Susan asked. "You're down to a quarter of your original dosage." "It's fine, mostly. Sometimes I get flares, but the numbness and tingling come and go." "Hand exercises twice a day with the putty." She massaged Hermione's palm. "Wear your brace whenever it's sore." Then glanced at Draco. "Don't let her overdo it." "I've been good, actually." Both Susan and Draco blinked, but whatever was about to be said was interrupted by two boys loitering in the doorway with matching smiles aimed at their targets. "Can we go to the playground?" Albus asked. "Scorp wants to swing." "And so do you." Draco folded his arms. They both nodded sheepishly. Susan chuckled. "We're finished today. Why not?" Hermione looked at Draco. "There is a park near your house. We can take security if it'll make you more comfortable." He thought about it and was met with two pleading looks. "Fine." "Yay!" The Floo trip back to the Malfoy house and the walk to the playground were uneventful. Draco decided to leave security behind, but he wore his holster under his coat, just in case. The cold day left the park relatively empty, which relaxed a paranoid Draco enough to stop looking over his shoulder every few minutes. They both pushed the boys on the swing set before leaving them to burn off all their excess energy. After casting a warming charm, Draco sat on the bench next to her and watched while Al showed Scorpius how to use each apparatus. Al spun the toy wheel and made a noise like a pirate. From the top of the playground, Scorpius' laughter rang out. A gloved hand slipped into hers as the trees swayed all around them. "I didn't think he would play much." There was faint disbelief in Draco's tone. "He looks happy." Hermione would never stop marvelling at Scorpius. "They both do." After days of quiet moments and distant thoughts, so did he. Happiness wasn't permanent, but the taste of it todayÑand over the last few daysÑwas sweet. "Al used to be so lonely and misunderstood by other children. I'm glad they have each other." Draco made a quiet noise as the breeze began to pick up and the trees rustled in a dull, lazy rumble. "He's not completely intolerable." "What a compliment." Hermione nudged his arm. "Tell the truth, you like him." "I didn't sayÑ" Draco stopped suddenly, shielding his eyes from the wind while peering up at the moving clouds. They were gathering, rolling in faster than normal. Hermione wouldn't have thought about it, would have assumed it was a storm, but it was forecasted to be clear skies despite the cold breeze. Lightning clapped twice in quick succession. Thunder began to groan. Then roar. They were on their feet in seconds, wands drawn, looking for the threat while backing away from the bench. They saw nothing. A spike of adrenaline left Hermione jittery as her heart hammered wildly in her chest. She heard Draco call for both boys over the growing wind, but their attention was elsewhere. One look and they both saw it for themselves. Clouds gathered to form a shape. A skull. Neither waited for the rest. Hermione turned to run towards them, half a step behind Draco for the second it took to cast an Unbreakable Charm over the audibly creaking playground set, but a loud crack stopped them in their tracks. Cold dread curled in her stomach like the knotted branches of the nearby willow when five figures appeared just beyond the edge of the playground. Three were cloaked. Two were familiar. One smiled, showing off his rotten teeth. "Hello, nephew." The past is a very determined ghost, haunting every chance it gets. Laura Miller Chapter End Notes A/N: Thank you all for the love and reviews and kudos. Art for this chapter: Hermione & Draco in the Kitchen by Oukyn Chapter 37: Even The Odds Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Thirty Seven Even The Odds November 25, 2011 The moment was a study in contrasts. Hermione's heart stopped. Then raced. Time was endless yet reduced to each instant that dragged one breath to the edge of the next. All around them, the earth's unnatural fury raged. Trees groaned as wind pushed their trunks and twisted their limbs with violent ease. The symbol of hate roared in the sky, and the clouds coiled around it like blossoming flowers. In the eye of the storm, there was an eerie silence. It lasted for one heartbeat, then two. But drawn wands shattered the stillness with the force of frenzied magic. A cacophony of hums started the onslaught. Spells rained like falling stars, an array of malevolent colours Draco diminished to dust with a strong protection charm that glinted in the sky like shards of broken glass. What he didn't catch, Hermione did. Or tried to. A few slipped past their defences. Blasting spells pummelled the playground like hail, shaking the ground beneath the feet. Despite the panicked screams from the boys who ducked per her yelled order, the equipment didn't buckle and her Unbreakable Charm held firm. But the barrage didn't stop. Too many to count. Too many to see. They were closing in, and a quick look at Draco told her everything. He knew, just as she did, that they couldn't keep this up for long. Not unlessÉ "Trust me." Hermione didn't wait for his response. In the moment between assaults, she lit every bench in the playground area with rapidly spreading bluebell flames. Another spell uprooted them, and the next turned the benches into burning weapons she hurled at the five Death Eaters. Draco stayed on defence while she took the offence. Sweat slid down her temple and Hermione's hand shook, but her voice was strong when she cast the spell. "Bombarda Maxima!" The ground quaked. Wood and metal shrapnel sprayed everywhere. Their attackers yelled and took cover, trying to shield themselves from the chaos. One of the masked figures was impaled by a stray piece of iron and the others went down after being struck by shards of wood. That was the last thing Hermione saw before being temporarily blinded and deafened by the force of her overexertion. Draco caught her with one hand while repeating an incantation that forced the result of her makeshift bomb away from them. The strain of his effort was evident: sweat beaded on his brow and blood trickled from his nose, but he held firm. Debris settled like ash after a fire. There was no time to exhale. The air was teeming with an electric mix of magic and chaos. As soon as she saw the Death Eaters start to move again, Hermione didn't wait for her ears to stop ringing or for the nausea to subside before putting eyes on each boy at opposite ends of the play set. Both were protected from the aftermath. Pale and visibly terrified, but safe. Quiet. "I see now why we're down a dog." Rodolphus' voice was barely audible. "Go." The crack sounded like a whip. A cloaked Death Eater appeared right behind a panicked Albus, who screamed and ducked when the wizard lunged at him first. A second attempt never happened. Hermione's aim was true, hitting the Death Eater in the chest with a stunner at the same time Draco's white orb sent him flying into the thick trunk of a nearby tree. His head was twisted at an odd angle, and he didn't move. But Draco did. He all but dragged Hermione towards the playset while she deflected the spells that flew in their direction. They dove under the short metal group of slides, a curse missing Draco by centimetres. Their ragged breaths filled the next few seconds. Adrenaline buzzed through every nerve. Draco wiped the blood from his nose and visibly reset. "Al's in the left tower. Scorpius is on the right." Hermione's grip tightened around her wand while she peeked out. "Playground's covered in an Unbreakable Charm." A fortress. The last cloaked figure checked the impaled one then shook their head at Rodolphus. Dead. "It's three on two and they're regrouping. I'll get Scorpius." Draco readied himself with a few deep breaths, face hardening into a rigid mask of determination. "You get Albus." They separated in a second. Hermione slipped on her run but pain didn't slow her. It only motivated her to move faster. From the corner of her eye, she saw Draco duck beneath the tower where Scorpius was hiding. He Vanished the floor beneath his son and caught him with both hands, protecting them both from the fresh barrage of spells fired by Death Eaters who were back on their feet. She made it to where she'd last seen Albus, but the spot was empty. Panicked and unable to draw attention by calling his name, Hermione scoured the immediate area. He couldn't have gone far. The covered slide caught her attention, and she ran to it. Dropping to her knees, she looked inside, locking eyes with a sweaty and fearful Albus. Spread wide, his arms and legs locked him in place. He didn't come to her immediately. She knew why. Harry had taught his children well. "Where The Wild Things Are." And then she had to scramble away to rebound a curse. It struck a nearby tree that turned black before it cracked and fell, landing with a resounding crash. Hermione levitated the tree and sent it hurling in their direction. She heard them moving, firing spells that shredded the tree to wood chips that rained down on them all, but Hermione was singularly focused on Albus as he hurried out of the slide and into her arms. "AunÑ" "Shhh. Close your eyes." No time for hugs or words, they had to go. Now. She took his hand and ducked low, then ran back to where Draco and Scorpius were waiting. Draco's badge was glowing in his hand. "Three teams are on the way." He pocketed the badge. "You take thÑ" Whatever Draco was about to say was lost under the roar of multiple cracks that preceded a rippling pulse of magic. Albus and Scorpius reached for each other instinctively, hands clasped together so tight their knuckles were pale. "Is that them?" Hermione asked even though she knew the answer. "No, it's too quick." Draco looked out from their hiding spot and settled back, glancing up for a moment and blinking. Then he swore. "Reinforcements." Hermione peeked out the other side. The odds were no longer in their favour. There looked to be a dozen of them now. Something peculiar caught her eye. A glowing object at Rodolphus' feet. It looked likeÑ "We're all stuck here now." Rodolphus sounded like he'd just swallowed gravel. "Nobody can Apparate in or out. We have nothing but time." An anti-Apparition runestone. Draco's eyes scoured the area, and Hermione knew they were both doing the same mental calculations. How far did it reach? The answer would be critical to their escape, but her attention went back to Scorpius. Nobody in or out. Nobody. "We just want to talk," Rodolphus said. The boys' harsh inhales were as sharp as a scream. "This isn't a fight." Rabastan's laugh was haunting. "It's a family reunion." There were several bristling chuckles from the others. "How long has it been since you've seen little Scorpius, Rabastan? Three years?" She couldn't place the voices. Cold dread flowed through her veins. Draco went just as rigid as the little boy who heard his own name. "Shameful of you to keep him from his family." Hermione covered Al's mouth when he squeaked, and Scorpius hid his face in his father's chest, eyes closed tight and shaking in terror. She stole another glimpse of the scene. The Death Eaters were fanning out, slowly surrounding the playground set. They moved carefully despite having the advantage of open space. She rapidly began to assess the situation andÑ "I'll destroy the runestone." Draco peered out again. "Nobody in or out. Zippy might be able to get you three out." "Zippy can take them but I'm not leaving you," Hermione said. "On your own, this is suicide." "You always were a coward, Draco." Draco's face tightened as though he wanted to argue with the taunt, but the urgency wouldn't let him. "Fine," he whispered. "Zippy." Several moments passed before Zippy arrived with a tiny pop. The second Draco gave his orders, the onslaught of magic resumed. Hermione's protection charm covered the four of them, but Zippy appeared just past the boundary. In the blink of an eye, the elf was struck with a dark blue jet of magic that made his little bodyÑand their plansÑcrumple into a heap. Both boys gasped, but to her infinite surprise, it was Draco who pulled Zippy out of the sightline and took cover while Hermione checked him over. Unconscious but breathing, Zippy bled heavily from the wound in his side where he'd been struck. Without her bag, the only thing Hermione could do was heal him with the strongest charm she could handle while the children looked on anxiously. Draco sent a Death Eater who got too close flying across the field. There was no way to tell if her efforts were enough. Zippy didn't wake. They'd have to come back for him. "Hear me out." Hermione redirected a curse. More began striking the playground, one right after another. The playset whined and creaked from the barrage of magic, but still, the Unbreakable Charm held firm. "You still need to destroy the rune, but I'll get them out the moment you do." Running out of the radius would be impossible without knowing how far it went. "I just wanted to talk, but have it your way." Draco's face shifted as he retreated into himself, going completely blank. Occluding. He guided Scorpius over to her, mouth set in consternation as he got to work. Quick, efficient spellwork vanished him from sight, melting in the background. Disillusionment. She tensed at the steady sound of approaching footsteps. Someone was coming. "Where are you going?" Hermione whispered. "To execute the plan. Figure I should say hello to my uncles." Draco was creating a diversion. "Nothing reckless." Hermione's grip tightened on her wand. Her survival instincts eclipsed any pain. "Straight to the rune and destroy it. I'll Apparate them to my house and you follow. If you're not right behind me, I'm coming back. Agreed?" She didn't need to see Draco to know he was not amused. "Fine." And then Hermione found herself alone with two shaking boys. She tried to comfort them as much as she could, but there was no time for anything beyond blunt directions. "Hold each other. Stay as quiet as possible. Don't move or let go, no matter what." Hermione turned her attention in the direction of the intruder, counting down silently. Three. "Can you both do that?" "Yes." The crunching footsteps grew louder. Two. Closer. One. The attack never came, but the sudden crack of bones preceded the body dropping next to their hiding space. The Death Eater's eyes were still open, but he was very much dead. Al and Scorpius screamed. The force of chaos broke like a wave against a seaside cliff. Spells sprayed like water in all directions. Shouts rang out as the Death Eaters tried to determine the source of a rogue spell. Curses and swears followed. Fading yells and the thump of bodies dropping filled the air. Even outnumbered, Draco was hidden in plain sight and on a violent warpath to the rune on the other side of the playground set. They couldn't stay there unlessÑ Suddenly the lifeless body was pulled away and another masked person appeared. Hermione handled them with a curse that made their mask melt and their skin burn as she sent them flying in the opposite direction. Where he landed, she didn't know because twin fearful cries of her name snatched her attention. Then she felt the tug and her stomach dropped. She lost her grip on Al's hand. Rabastan's wand dug into Scorpius' neck, and he had Al's dark hair fisted in the grip of his other hand. Everything stopped: her heart, her breath, the world. A flash of blinding white meant Draco had made it to the rune and destroyed it. But no matter the victory, with Rabastan holding both boys, it felt like a loss. Friend or enemy, she didn't know, but the sound of incoming Apparitions brought about a strange suspension of reality. This wasn't happening. This wasn't real. It couldn't be. But there was no denying how real Rabastan's hideous smile was as it slowly spread across his face like a curse. He pressed the tip of his wand tighter against Scorpius' throat. "Put down your wand, Mudblood." "Okay." Hermione watched tears streak down Scorpius' cheeks. She had to think quickly. Neither pair of terrified eyes left her as she raised both hands and slowly lowered herself, placing her wand next to the still unconscious elf. Looking up, she brought her hands up to the sides of her head and quickly signed something. Close your eyes. Their trust in her made them do that. And then a howl shook the air around them. Followed by more. Hermione held her breath for one beat. Then two. The distant echo of an answering howl sent a spike of panic through her. "It worked." Rabastan's laughter was manic and giddy. "He's coming because of you. He'sÑ" Thin cords shot from her fingertips, wrapping immediately around his neck. And in the next moment, Rabastan was writhing on the ground, choking and tearing hopelessly at the binds. Hermione picked up her wand as the boys rushed into her arms. "Are you both okay?" "Yes." They tried to turn around but she stopped them. "Don't look. Close your eyes for me one more time." When they did, Hermione bound Rabastan's legs, silenced him with a stunner, and Disillusioned him. She looked around. Their hiding space wasn't covered, just an open area behind a solid wall of the playset, but she pushed him up against the playground equipment for now. She'd deal with him later, or someone else would. Part of her hoped he would have to watch the carnage without the ability to move a muscle or make a sound. Heart pounding, she tried not to think about the meaning of Rabastan's words and the swell of howls, but the stirring behind her made Hermione whip around, wand drawn and spell poised at the tip of her tongue. "Zippy!" Scorpius sounded as relieved as she felt. Hermione lowered her wand as the elf slowly sat up. He didn't look too well, but was getting to his feet nonetheless. "Shall I carry out Master Draco's wishes?" "Yes, if you're able. Take them both back to my home." Hermione's hands were shaking when she sent a Patronus to Ginny and watched her otter race off. "Al, your mum will come through the fireplace. Zippy, if anyone else tries to enter, defend the house. Al, sweetie, I need you and Scorpius to hide if that happens, okay?" "Okay." Their voices sounded so small, so faint. Thunder rumbled and Hermione could see the arrival of a host of Task Force members. The colour of their robes identified them as his French team. The fight was loud now, but the spells weren't being aimed at the fortress she'd created. There was no word fit to encompass the chaos, but she couldn't focus on that until the boys were safe. "ButÑ" Scorpius reached for herÑjust like last time. The ground shook once more. "We'll come back for you." She touched his face and squeezed Al's shoulder. "Zippy, take them now." All three disappeared with a pop. Hermione took a moment to ground herself before scrambling out of the hiding spot. It looked far worse than it sounded. While more Death Eaters had arrived since she'd last seen the fight, there were now just as many Aurors and Task Force members on the scene as well. Evenly matched. Now visible, with single-minded fury, Draco was efficiently clearing a path towards Rodolphus, who had made easy work of one Auror and was fighting two more in the middle of the fray. But before she could get to him, she was spotted. Cornered. Four on one. Upon seeing her, one howled a slightly different way than earlier. The beastly answer was closer. "He's coming for you." He sounded far too happy about it. Eager. "We'll fix him and then he'll Ñ" Red shot from the tip of the masked Death Eater's wand, and the wolf dropped in a stunned heap. "Filthy dog forgot the mission." The voice sounded feminine. Then the remaining three turned their wands on Hermione as they advanced. "I hear you're broken, Mudblood." The last one spoke. "I can't wait for him toÑ" Hermione never let them finish. With one wave of Hermione's wand, the female Death Eater was on her knees screaming in agony. Ducking a flash of green and something black and ugly, she made the caster pay by throwing him into the nearby tree and binding him with an Incarcerous. The last one standing was the one who had called her broken. The need to prove him wrong made her careless, and her aim was wild enough for him to deflect each of her curses while backing away. But then she got her head together. A severing spell cut the Death Eater's wand in half, and a blue glow connected the tip of her wand to his chest. He landed on the ground and started convulsing, spitting blood until the trembling stopped. The stunned wolf tried to move, but Hermione put her foot on his neck and applied weight. A spell she didn't cast struck him in the head and rendered him unconscious once again. Hermione turned to face down the caster. Draco. More Aurors were appearing on the scene, but paranoia kept her hand steady on her wand. She had to be certain. "What tea did I drink this morning?" "Black. Splash of milk. One sugar." Draco looked around as Hermione lowered her wand. "Where are they?" "Zippy took them back to my house." A flick of her wrist sent a curse aimed at them into the ground instead. Grey eyes cut to the smoke rising from the grass then back to her. His appreciation was visible but not vocal. "I saw you going after your uncle." "I lost sight of him." Draco hexed whoever was approaching behind her and was about to go for overkill when he stopped himself. "There was a howl and IÑ" "He's coming," she whispered. But she was wrong. Greyback wasn't coming. He was already there. A figure burst through the trees and into the clearing. Terror paralyzed her. In some strange suspension between man and beast, he didn't appear to be wholly either. Blood matted part of his fur while cuts on his exposed skin kept forming and healing. Greyback didn't have hands; he had paws with elongated claws. His head was all wolf, but his eyes were human. Red with blood. Pupils black. A walking nightmare. Her nightmare brought to life. Hermione could still feel the phantom grip of his hands around her throat. Smelling her, lifting her, licking her tears. She was frozen under the weight of her own horror. Even when he broke out in a run with human legs, she didn't move. Draco seized her by the shoulders, snapping her out of her daze. And then she found power over panic. They took off in the opposite direction of the mangled beast. Draco spelled the tree roots to coil around the ankles of anyone who passed as they fled, and Hermione summoned obstacles. Limbs and rocks and anything her waning magic could handle littered their path. But nothing worked. A deep, echoing roar directed the Aurors and Task Force members' attention to Greyback. And the Death Eaters'. Hermione and Draco slowed as a few ran towards Greyback, hands raised as if trying to tame the wild beast. Then, for one horrific moment, everything stopped. Greyback swiped at the first Death Eater that stepped close enough to be touched. Blood sprayed from deep gashes, and the man fell to the ground. Lifeless. Greyback turned and seized a second by the throat, dragging him closer like a doll at its owner's mercy until he sank his teeth into their neck and tore out a chunk of flesh. The Death Eater never had a chance to make a sound. Greyback's roar thundered like a battle cry. The attack became a retreat. Death Eaters fled in all directions. Hermione and Draco were stunned still, but she knew the instant Greyback picked up her scent. A snarl curled his bloodied lips as his head snapped in their direction. Draco tried to Apparate them out. But the spell fizzled. A breath caught in Hermione's throat. "I thought you destroyed the rune." "I did." Before she could blink, they took off running again, veering towards the soot-covered playground set, and dodging columns of smoke billowing from the ground around it. Twisted metal creaked and squealed, and swings still attached to the wreckage groaned their protest to salvation on weak chains. For one haunting moment, Hermione allowed herself to think about the boys who had been on those swings not even an hour ago. In its current condition, they wouldn't haveÑ The cool spill of magic over her skin shocked Hermione out of her own head. From what she could see, Aurors and Task force members were distracting the beast as the Death Eaters fled. Draco had cast a Disillusionment Charm spell on her but not himself. She didn't understand why until she followed his gaze half a dozen metres away. To someone familiar. Rodolphus. Holding a second rune identical to the first. "Running away again? Just like your father. At least he begged for his life. Will you?" "No." "Pity." He tsked and looked past Draco. Greyback was tearing through anyone who tried to hold him back. Incarcerous binds were wrapping him in gold, keeping him from advancing too quickly, but he ripped each new layer off as if they were little more than an annoyance. "The Mudblood must be close. Good. I'll have my dog back." Draco appeared calm, but she knew he wasn't. Neither was she. Trouble was closing in. "You've been so good at hiding, nephew." Rodolphus tossed the rune up and caught it with each menacing step forward. "But lately you've gotten a little sloppy." Draco's fingers twitched, as if signalling for her to go, and Hermione stepped away slowly, certain not to make a sound. "Imagine my surprise to find you frequently. So easily. Now, now, don't look at me like that, nephew. Haven't you figured it out yet? No? Pity. Each time you use magic, I know. Diagon Alley. The Royal Conservatory. I thought you were smarter, but I suppose that's what happens when you degrade yourself with a MudblÑ" Draco's curse burned bright, catching his uncle in the shoulder. Rodolphus clutched his arm in pain as blood seeped through his fingers. The rune remained in his hand. They were still trapped. "Stupid boy." The fight began in earnest. Draco went on the offence and Rodolphus easily thwarted each spell. Greyback was still tearing in their direction, dodging every attempt to restrain him. There was no time. A rogue spell from Rodolphus set fire to a ring of grass around them. It spread like spilled quick-silver, instantly dangerous and completely out of control, but it provided a border between them and Greyback. Which gave them time. A summoning spell from her and a disarming spell from Draco caused Rodolphus' wand and the rune to fly in opposite directions. Greyback jumped high over the spreading flames and landed with a rumbling thud that shook the ground. "Kill him," Rodolphus shouted. But the order was pointless with Hermione's scent in the air. Draco destroyed the rune with a flash of white light. "Go!" With her mind racing, hands shaking, and Greyback bearing down on her, Hermione closed her eyes, centred herself, and thought of one location. Home. The pull was sharp. Painful. All she could do was scream. Hermione landed on her side with enough force to steal the air from her lungs. She helplessly let the world spin until she could move her arm and seize a handful of grass. She twisted her legs under her slowly. The world was falling and rising around her in a dizzying display. Apparition was dangerous in moments of confusion. She painfully relearned this lesson with ringing eardrums and her head screaming from the pressure. But she was whole. Alive. Hermione slowly sat up, and something trickled down her face and the side of her neck. When she touched it, blood marred her shaky fingertips. Adrenaline still hummed in her veins, allowing her to ignore the pain of movement and rise to her feet. She needed to figure out where she'd ended up. Clear skies and a bold, bright sunset redoubled her head's pounding efforts. It was an odd contrast to the grey clouds from the park. But one look around and she realised she'd made it. Home. Busy exhaling her relief, Hermione had no time to prepare for the wave of nausea that twisted in her stomach. Back on her hands and knees, she was too busy vomiting in the grass to notice anything else around her. Only when she heard her name and felt a hand on her back did she recognise Ginny, who helped Hermione back to her feet when she finished. Frowning at the sick, they left it behind just as Daphne appeared in the doorway with her wand drawn. "You took too long." Daphne's voice was oddly distorted. "Hermione, your ears and nose." And then she ran back inside. By the time they entered the kitchen, Daphne was waiting with a warm towel to clean the blood. "The boys?" Hermione asked. "Panicked and anxious but in the conservatory. Safe and sound." Hermione couldn't hold back her relief. Ginny rubbed her shoulders. "Padma took Zippy to a Healer that specialises in house-elves, Theo is mobilising the hospital for the influx, and RonÑ" Scorpius and Albus interrupted Ginny by running into the room. Wrapped in blankets, their faces were swollen with tears. It didn't matter how disoriented she was, Hermione dropped to her knees and pulled them both into a tight hug. Their sentiments devolved into incoherence. Hermione soothed them as best as she could. She was there. They were safe. TheyÑ Hermione pulled back. "Where's Draco?" "I have no idea." Daphne shook her head. "He's not here." Dread returned like a lead weight in the pit of her stomach, but a loud pop from the conservatory stole her attention. Daphne and Ginny rushed to the source while Hermione held the boys tighter. Barely two seconds later she heard Daphne swear and Ginny tell someone to follow her. Hermione made the boys sit on the sofa, then struggled to cross the room. In the kitchen, Ginny was on one side of Draco, Blaise on the other, and together they held up his deathly pale form. He was grimacing and gasping for breath, with his wand clutched tight in one hand and the other wrapped around the bloody hilt of the dagger buried in his side. A trail of blood marked their path. "He landed on my desk." Blaise sounded out of breath. "Said to bring him here. Wouldn't let me take the dagger out." Hermione scrambled to transfigure her island stool into a chaise, then Blaise and Ginny helped him onto it. Draco gritted his teeth all the way down, breath coming out in thready rasps. "Blaise, call Susan. Ginny, get a Blood Replenishing potion from the store closet. DaphneÑ" "Daddy?" Every head swivelled to find a wide-eyed, shaking Scorpius by the sofa and the top of Albus' head peeking over his shoulder. Daphne ushered the boys out of the room, steering them back into the conservatory before they saw anything else. Everyone moved in a rush. Hermione summoned her beaded bag, catching it when it came hurling from another room. Blaise was back at her side first, arriving just as she found the bezoar, just in case, and made him take it with a pain potion that eased his breathing. "You owe me a desk." "IÑ" Draco's first word was slurred and laced with humour. "Bastard." "Shut up and stop bleeding to death." Ginny returned with the potion and moments later, he was grimacing at the taste without argument. Susan arrived looking fiercely irritated with a bright pink sleep mask on top of her head, but she jumped in without question, reaching into her own bag and pulling out an enchanted parchment and her wand. Hermione focused only on her task. Not the dagger sticking out of him or the sharpness of each pained breath he took when Susan began running diagnostic charms and checking the wound with blunt fingers. Not the pallor of his skin or the beads of sweat running down his face. Susan looked at the results on the parchment and swore. "Did you give him a bezoar?" "Administered first as a precaution, followed by a pain potion." "Brilliant." "What?" Blaise sounded far away, even though he was next to her. "Why?" "Why is he sweating?" Ginny asked. Susan cut her eyes at them both. Blaise held up his hands, but Ginny, unapologetic as always, merely waited for a response. "It's the poison burning out of his system, thanks to Hermione's quick thinking." "Oh." Hermione checked his eyes. They were more focused and dilating. "The same one?" "No or we'd be taking this to the hospital, but we need to get that dagger out to analyse it." Susan opened her hand and Ginny handed her the second Blood Replenishing vial. She made him drink it before clearing away the blood to get a good look at the wound. "It doesn't appear that the dagger is in a critical spot. Hermione, switch places with me." "I can extract." "No, you can't." Susan barely gave her a once over. "Your hands are shaking and your ears are bleeding from Apparition sickness. Not to mention I'm positive you overexerted yourself and likely compromised your own healing, but we'll talk about that later. For now, keep him still and I'll heal you after." Even with a pain potion, pulling the dagger out was slow and painful work. Draco clutched her hand, bowed his head, and clenched his jaw. Hard to tell who was shaking more. When it was finally out, Susan poured dittany over the wound. His skin began to knit together, but not completely. A jagged scar remained. Draco would be sore for days, but as the colour returned to his face, Hermione thought it was a small price to pay. She binned the discarded shirt and brought him a new one. Blaise left his side once Hermione returned, and after washing his hands and spelling Draco's blood out of his shirt, he went into the conservatory with Daphne and the boys. "What happened?" Hermione helped Draco into a shirt while Susan washed his blood off her hands. "You were right behind me." "My uncle grabbed me right before I Disapparated." Jaw tight, he puffed out a breath when the shirt was finally on. "I had to take him anywhere but here. We ended up in the rose garden at the Manor. We fought, I escaped, andÑwell, my aunt was a good teacher. Throwing daggers was her specialty." Hermione winced. She knew that all too well. "Rodolphus was injured and bitten. But it's not a full moon." Susan gave her a long look before she left his side. While Ginny cleared the blood from the kitchen floor with a charm, Susan healed Hermione and gave her explicit instructions not to Apparate and go easy on her magic until they gave her a full work up. By the time Susan was finished, Draco had pulled himself into a sitting position. Just in time for Daphne to return with Al and Scorpius. The boys froze when they saw him, rough and obviously in pain, but one gesture from Draco brought them closer. First, he curled an arm around his son, and then accepted Albus' lean against him. And that was when Hermione finally saw it. The absolute fury in his eyes. The absence of adrenaline left the boys dazed and exhausted. It took mere minutes for Albus and Scorpius to fall asleep on the sofa in the living room, both snuggled together under Hermione's blanket. Susan, Daphne, and Blaise had gone home for the night with a promise to check in. Ginny returned to the Burrow to check on James and Lily after she'd run out immediately upon receiving her message. She would return, but for now, they were alone. Hermione was on the stool and Draco stood between her parted legs. They hadn't spoken in the ten minutes that had passed since Blaise left. "You're still shaking," Draco murmured. "Everything's fine." Hermione shifted on her stool before Draco tilted her chin up to look at him. "We're fine, and because of that, I'm fine." "Is that what you're telling yourself?" Hermione closed her eyes and leaned against him as the events of the attack slowly began catching up with her. He was right. She was just going through the motions, utterly wrung out from the roller coaster of a day. It made her sick and weary, buzzing with an odd energy that kept her mind racing and made her feel like she was still on high alert long after the threat had passed. Slowly, she brought her arms around him and tried to take what felt like her first breath. But it was cut short when Harry came through the Floo. Draco stiffened but didn't pull away. Hermione didn't move. "The boys?" He sounded frantic. "I was at another scene when I got called to the park." "They're asleep, no thanks to your loud entrance." Draco's response was terse but then he gestured to the sofa. "The scene?" "Under control. The Task Force is collecting evidence." Harry looked between them. "And you?" "We'reÉ as good as we can be right now." Hermione ignored the throb in her hand. "I tried to Apparate too far, Draco got stabbed with a dagger by his uncle, and you should send a team to Malfoy Manor for evidence or possibly an injured Rodolphus." "I'll do that. IÑ" "They tracked usÑno, me to the park. We're supposed to have people on the inside that know their plans and report back with any move they make," Draco snapped. "Why didn't they warn us? My sonÑour sonsÑwere out there andÑ" "From what I've gathered, it wasn't planned. None of this was." Harry took off his glasses and pinched the bridge of his nose. "I just met with all the implants and they had no idea about any of this. Only one saw Rodolphus prior to it, and he was under the impression Rodolphus was taking a group out on a reconnaissance mission for Greyback based on a sighting. Nothing unusual." "They lured him there." Hermione sat up straight. "The wolves were under orders. One of them was hexed before he could boast more, but I was told multiple times that he was coming for me." Words she would never forget. "I'm done for the day," Draco tightened his hold around her. It was barely three hours after they'd left for the park, but Hermione agreed. A hot shower and a quiet night was what they all needed. "That's going to be a problem." Draco tilted his head. "Why?" "Well, in addition to all the Death Eaters we captured in the park, injured or otherwise, we found Rabastan tied up and stunned behind the playground set." Both men's eyes landed on Hermione. Unbothered, she shrugged. "He tried to take them." The more she thought of it, the more vengeful she became. "I stunned him before the binds could strangle him. Call it mercy." Draco's jaw tightened. "Malfoy." Harry rolled his shoulders in quiet confirmation of a rage. "Rabastan asked to talk to only you." "Ignore all his demands outside of the bare necessities. And check his body for suicide vials he's too cowardly to use." "Aren't you going to go tonight? IÑ" "No." Draco left no room for argument. "Let him rot overnight. Alone. I don't operate on his schedule." They didn't bother putting Scorpius in his own bed. Instead, he was a warm, sleeping weight curled between them with his thumb in his mouth. He was facing his father with Hermione at his back. Draco was still just as quiet as he had been when they'd woken the tired little boy for a quick dinner he'd devoured, gotten him prepared for bed, and found themselves there far earlier than usual after checking all the wards around the house. Hermione had no expectations for conversation, and was fully prepared to watch him guard ScorpiusÑguard them bothÑuntil he too fell asleep. But when she was drifting in and out of sleep, he broke the silence with her name. It left her wide awake. "Yes?" Silence filled the seconds that followed, but if he wanted to talk, Hermione would let him begin in his own time. At his own pace. "My father." Draco exhaled in a rush, as though the two words had taken the rest of his energy. But then he found more. "My father died before he was set to go before the Wizengamot with additional information on the whereabouts of other Death Eater hideouts." Little more than a hush above Scorpius' head, Draco's voice was low, spoken from the edge of his pillow. "They were trying to find ways to show that he wasn't honouring his original deal that had kept him out of Azkaban." "The attack on the ManorÑ" "Was disguised as a visit. Given the circumstances, we weren't celebrating Christmas that year." Draco fell into a short, pensive silence. "They uhÑThey wanted my father to use his last connections to buy his way into influence so they could rise again, but my father refused. He said he was finished and told them to vanish while they still could. I thought it was over." "Where were you when it began?" "Out of the room, feeling sorry for myself." Chuckling darkly, Draco combed a hand through his hair. "I was summoned. When I walked in, wands were drawn, and my uncles had the Death Eaters who escaped the battle in our house." Again. "They wanted to kill my mother first. After all, she had lied, but my father created a diversion for us to escapeÉ" Draco touched the top of his son's head. "I know the sort of man he was, and I make no apologies for him, just as I make none for the boy I was. He was difficult and demanding, but I worshipped him like a god until I learned that he was just a man." A horrible man who still had enough love in him to risk his life to save his family. In the end, not even death redeemed him. Not to the world or even to the son he protected. "Your mother said he loved you." "I know he did. I saw it." Grey eyes rose to hers. "But the only times I experienced it, the only times I ever saw my father's true self were during life or death situations. I saw him then, and I see myself in him now." "As you should. He's part of you." Hermione raised up on her elbow. "But instead of focusing on the similarities, focus on the differences. There are many. Your capacity for change being one." "Lessons that were all hard learned." "All lessons are." Scorpius shuffled closer to his father. "What happened today isn't your fault," Hermione whispered in the quiet of the room. "It's not." "My uncle was right. I let my guard down." "Because you're not perfect and you both deserve to live. Before everything else today, Scorpius was happy and playing. Something he didn't do before." Hermione brushed the little boy's hair off his forehead. "Hold that memory and let go of the rest. We'll be more careful going forward. We'll put up safeguards to protect ourselves, but I won't sacrifice living and you shouldn't either." Draco said nothing for a long time, his face proof of the remaining tension he carried. But Hermione still had so many questions. "They said they hadn't seen Scorpius in three years. Did theyÑ" "My uncles tried once during one of Daphne's visits, but she escaped safely with Scorpius. We agreed not to tell Astoria about the threats. She would have worried, which would have adversely affected her health." Draco shifted uncomfortably. "There's a room in the Paris house that's filled with poisons disguised as childrens' giftsÑcursed trinkets and letters, amongst other things." It explained his intense paranoia and strict rules, security, rigorous checks, and Scorpius' lack of socialisation. Draco couldn't take the risk. And yet. "Why did you keep it all?" "As a reminder." Of what could happen. "What I'm still learning, what I keep repeating to myself in all this is that the past does not control the future. And we all need support along the way. It's not a weakness to depend on people." Hermione laced their fingers together. "It's strength because you have people around you that you can depend on. You don't have to carry the weight alone anymore, and neither do I. I'm still working through how I feel and what we'll tell Scorpius when he asks about today. You should, too, because he will ask." "Of course he will." Draco shook his head in faint amusement. "I'll tell himÑ" "That he was born into a family that made a lot of mistakes, and caused a lot of suffering and pain. But you'll also tell him that the generational curse will end here and now." "With him?" "Yes, but also with you." November 26, 2011 Talking to children was like walking on ice. If they stumbled on the wrong part at the wrong time, or applied too much pressure to any area, the ice covering the lake of curiosity could crack. Trying to explain things they weren't yet able to understand would drag them to the depths, and they would exert all their energy trying to fight their way to the surface to resolve the initial reason for the dialogue while distracted by the frigid sea of information saturating their minds. After breakfast, they edged out onto the fragile surface by taking Scorpius into the greenhouse. Under the guise of introducing the month-old chicks to the outside world, she told him they had to be prepared for the imminent move to the coop. He was moody, not speaking, only signing, and both adults followed in kind. The silence was nice, but plenty was said with their hands. Draco was far more prolific in practice while Hermione was more widely read in theory, which helped her translate. They worked together to communicate without sound. Scorpius drifted through the motions while wrapped in her blanket with only his face and hands visible. Eventually, he abandoned it on her work bench stool, and held her hand as they walked through the greenhouse, touching the petals he was allowed to and placing his hand on the trunk of each tree. Somehow, he knew to save the olive tree for last. After Hermione made sure the tired little chicks were happily settled back in the conservatory brooder, she returned to find Scorpius standing while Draco sat on the ground. They were at each other's eye level. Talking. Hermione hung back and listened as he answered Scorpius' murmured questions about the bad men. It wasn't easy, but Draco was honest. He kept his answers brief yet reassuring, just as they'd discussed. And he made sure to ask some of his own. "Were you scared?" "Yes, but Mum made it better. She saved us from the bad man." Scorpius shifted from foot to foot while Hermione tried not to make her presence known by audibly gasping. "Were you scared?" Several heartbeats passed before Draco said, "I was." "Did Mum make it better?" From behind, Hermione saw his shoulders tremble with amusement. Then he turned, locking eyes with her. Caught in the act, she flushed. "She did." The morning's activities perked Scorpius up, made him less anxious, and when they brought him to the Potters before heading to the Ministry, he didn't fuss. Draco's signed conversation with Scorpius was only private because Hermione looked away. Back soon, Hermione signed before Ginny coaxed him to join the pile of children on the floor watching cartoons and eating candy and crisps at ten in the morning to de-stress. Scorpius slid in between James and Albus, who had nodded off, but Lily plopped on James, and after staring at Scorpius, she greeted him with a smile and a headbutt to his chin. He petted her head between the cat ears she refused to let go of and she purred. James offered him the bag of crisps and Scorpius took exactly one. "We'll be back to get him." "He'll be safe with us." Ginny's playful tone overlaid her seriousness. "Aurors are patrolling the area and we're only doing stress-free activities today. Whatever they want." She leaned a little closer once they were out of earshot. "Al cycled between detailing everything about you and Uncle Draco saving them, the bad men, and crying all night, but he seemed better once Harry talked to him, so we're working on it." "Scorpius, too." Hermione looked back at Draco. "Not crying, he hasn't done much of that, but he ate like he was starving and slept for ages. I think them being together will help." "And you?" Ginny's eyes creased with concern. "Are you okay?" "Getting there. My focus has been on Scorpius, but I've had to process everything to help him, so that's what I've done. WeÉ" Hermione looked over at Draco, who was pretending not to eavesdrop. "It'll probably take us several hours." They waited until Scorpius was settled and relaxed before leaving. Draco hadn't asked her to come, as she was scheduled for her own interview in a few hours, but he hadn't asked her to stay behind either. He needed the support, that much she knew. She understood his silence, and the way he took her hand when it was time meant as much as a boldly stated invitation from a man still trying to get used to asking. Reaching. From Harry and Ginny's living room, they took the Floo into Draco's office, but before he steeled himself for the meeting with his uncle, Hermione held him back. She wrapped her arms around his waist and leaned against him, forcing them both to take a few deep breaths. There was something wild in his eyes, frantic yet calm, and she couldn't quite figure him out, but it seemed a lot like trouble. "Information is what you're there for. That's all." "Scorpius andÑ" "You want to punish him, I get it. I do too, but you don't need fully-fledged flames to do that. Just a spark. It'll catch and spread. They're tracking you. Neither of us noticed it. So just stay calm. Occlude if you have to, but you need to find out everything you can." Draco looked away. "You might not approve of my methods." "You'd be surprised what I might approve of." Their eyes locked before he took a deep breath and exhaled, his grip slowly loosening. "Do you want me to escort you to the Auror office for your interview?" "Yes, I'm certain Percy is waiting for me there. It's bad form if I'm interviewed by Harry so he's having a subordinate conduct it." Hermione paused and closed her eyes. "Do you have a little more time?" "Why?" "I think we just need a moment. You look as heavy as I feel." Draco made a barely audible noise. "I'd like a few normal daysÉ" When happiness wasn't challenged or fleeting. He never said as much but he didn't have to. She knew. She remembered. "We'll have more days when this is over." Hermione lifted on the tips of her toes to kiss him. Quick to step back, his hand on her waist held her in place. Draco's returning kiss tasted like relief, like bitter frustration bleeding from his bones. The release left room for everything he'd been holding in to swell up and fill him instead. She filled the spaces of each emerging crack by grounding him in her embrace. The subtle shake of his hands was the only way Draco allowed himself to express his fears. Maybe he'd talk about it more under the cover of darkness. Maybe he wouldn't. It didn't matter either way because right then she gave him the reprieve he needed before he stepped back and held the door open as they walked out. Hermione's interview went smoothly. She told the truth, save the relationship between her and Draco and minor details she conveniently left out. But the moment they were alone, Percy walked her over to Harry's office to reconvene. Messy as ever, they both frowned at the chaos that was his desk. Hermione wondered how he ever managed to get anything accomplished. "You omitted a few things," Percy said once they were seated in the privacy of Harry's office. "I can always tell when you do that." "Several things, actually. I'm not certain who's reading the Auror reports so I was being careful not to mention that the Death Eaters are tracking him." "What?" "Yes." After exhaling, Hermione folded her arms. "Draco's interrogating his uncle to find out how. For some reason, Rabastan will only talk to him." "This has the potential to go very badly." "It does." Hermione stretched and leaned back in her chair. "I told him to do what needed to be done." The door burst open and Harry stomped in. "Malfoy locked me out of the interrogation room." He squinted at her non-reaction. "He couldÑ" "He might." Hermione shrugged. "But he won't." "I should go back and break down the door." "Don't be dramatic." Hermione bit back a laugh when Harry gave her a look that proved her point. "I'm serious. If you want, we can wait outside the door together, but let him do this his way. He needs information more than he needs vengeance. Trust me." "How do youÑoh. I see you two sorted it out." "We did." Hermione joined him as he led the way out with Percy trailing just behind. "Good because he was a fucking terror. I had to send Deloris his way for everything because I knew he wouldn't be a prat to her. She's the only person he likes in the entire department." "I thought you two were partners?" "We are, but that doesn't stop him from doing things that make me want to punch himÑ repeatedly." Percy chuckled and pressed the button for the lift. "About how I feel about my brothers." Harry scowled. "Malfoy is not my brother." Hermione had to smother her chuckle in her fist, which drew both their attention. Her best friend's face softened once the lift started moving. "I'm happy you're happy." Hermione smiled. "Don't do that thing where you threaten him if he hurts me." Harry barked out a laugh. "What makes you think I haven't?" She pinched the bridge of her nose. "IÑ" "What makes you think we haven't?" Percy said. Hermione's eyes snapped to Percy. "Et tu?" "Of course. You're family." Her exasperation faded as an understanding settled between them; a reminder of something she'd known all along but sometimes forgot. Family often came packaged as friends. There was little distinction. The rest of the ride and the walk to the shut door of the interrogation room passed in silence. Then, the first hour flew by. Pansy, with her visitor's badge on display, joined them during the second hour with food she hadn't cooked, and dragged them into an empty room nearby to sit down and eat. A touch of worry came and went in the third hour, which prompted Hermione to return to her post, leaning against the wall next to the shut door. When Draco walked out with his sleeves rolled up, she knew he'd gotten what he needed. "He'll come for me." Rabastan's cold voice filtered through the room. Hermione shivered. Draco stopped and looked over his shoulder. "I'm counting on it." The door shut behind him just as Harry, Percy, and Pansy joined them. "So?" Harry gestured for him to begin. Percy set a Muffliato to keep the conversation private. "You'll be happy to know, Potter, that your prisoner is intact." Harry looked doubtful. "He isn't an Occlumens," Draco said simply. Which meant Draco either dosed him with Veritaserum or dug around in his uncle's mind. Hermione privately hoped it was the latter. "They've been tracking me since the attack at Godric's Hollow. I got cornered in an alley there and IÑ" Draco exhaled. "I didn't think about it, but they likely took enough blood to put something like The Trace on me. Each time I do magic, it notifies them of my location." Harry seemed to be puzzling it out. "Charms like that should only work outside of warded areas, and you don't go out much." Hermione winced. That, for the most part, was true. Except for small outings. She could think of all the places they'd Apparated to and walked through. The day out with Scorpius. Even a few of their dates. The recent trip to the Apothecary. He'd cast warming charms in the park. That had to be how they'd been alerted to their presence. "Appare Vestigium." She folded her arms across her chest. "The trace on him notifies them of his general location, right? They could send out a scout, and use that spell to illuminate his magical footprint in that area. Doesn't work within warded boundaries but it could get them close enough to pick up patterns." "Right. My movements weren't of any interest until late." Draco gave Hermione a pointed look. Her. She was the reason. "Since they lost Greyback, it's been about you." "Me?" "It makes sense, just think about it. Sightings in the city days after our trip out. He tore those Muggles apart in the woods near where I found you. Without Greyback, their hold over the wolves is tenuous at best. And they need them if they hope to have any chance at surviving. What they lack in numbers, they want to make up for with force. Up until this point, Greyback's been their muscle, their terror advantage, but with him feralÑ" "We should check Padma's wolf count. How many are they losing?" "No idea." Draco shook his head. "Sounds like their attack at the hospital did more harm than good." "They're trying to lure Greyback out to capture and heal him, but they failed. I'm certain killing us all would have been an added bonus, but with their use of mostly non-lethal hexes and curses, I'd guess they were trying to draw it out long enough for Greyback to show. And sure enough, he came running when the wolves called." "Destroying the runestone and getting the Aurors on scene put an end to that plan." "My scent." It all dawned on her. "He's locked in on it but he's also running on instincts. Smell and taste, mainly." Hermione frowned, still working through the problem. "He was lured to the park, but the attack of those Muggles in the woods was after I woke up. The sighting in the city came days after our outing with Scorpius. Every other place I've been has been warded." "We'll keep Aurors in the area." Harry sat up straighter, eyes on Draco. Something else struck her. "My parents. Draco, they came to your house. My dad came to mine. HeÑ" "We already have two Aurors at their location now during their impromptu trip to Ireland." "Two Aurors versus a rampaging, rabid werewolf." Percy whistled lowly. "I don't like those odds." Harry frowned. He didn't either. "Have you been anywhere else?" Pansy asked. Hermione and Draco looked at each other. "Potter, send a team to the Apothecary in Diagon Alley as soon as you can." Draco was confident with the command. "That's the last place we went and it's not warded. With her scent fresh on his mind, he can track it farther than before. Granger cut her hand while we were there and there could be enough blood to draw his senses. Spread the search out at least a kilometre in all directions, and if he doesn't show, we'llÑWell, let's try this way first." "If we're right, he's either been in the area or will be," Hermione added even though the idea made her stomach twist. "Got it." Harry left to round up a team. "Any movement from Tiberius or the Minister?" Draco asked Percy. "No, they've been quiet since Cormac's escape from the hospital." "Think they know where he is?" "I'm not sure what to think anymore." Percy frowned. "How's your search, Malfoy?" "Ongoing but we've had a few recent developments. He hasn't left the city, too many sightings for him to be gone, though he must be staying somewhere warded tight. I planned to do this in a week or so, but my patience is wearing thin." Draco touched his badge and it lit up. Not five minutes later, a Task Force memberÑthe woman who smiled far too muchÑwas stepping off the lift and approaching them. "Sir." Her accent was heavy, voice as sultry as the sway of her hips. "I have an assignment for you, Margot." Draco brought his hand to his chin and looked her over. "Casual Muggle clothes that blend. Turn your eyes and hair brown. Soften your cheekbones and your jaw. Good. Now, pull your hair back." The blonde Metamorphmagi's features melted before Hermione's eyes, shifting and changing, meeting Draco's request to perfection. Pansy looked intrigued and Percy tilted his head slightly, eyebrows scrunched. In fact sheÑ Hermione squinted. "Why does she look like a paler version of me?" And then Margot changed her skin tone to match. Not quite identical, but they looked as if they could be sisters. "McLaggen has a type." Draco's eyes slid to her before pulling a folded note from his pocket and handing it to the witch. "Go to the last few pubs the rat was sighted at and track him down. Draw him out if you have to. When you find him, get his attention, ignore his advances, put a tracking charm on him, and give him this note." "Is that all, Sir?" Hermione's jaw ticked at the tone she'd taken, and the way she looked at Draco didn't help. But Hermione kept it to herself, especially given Draco's complete lack of reaction and her unwillingness to bring attention to their relationship. "Yes. You may go now." Margot inclined her head and left the same way she came. Hermione's curiosity outweighed her irritation. "What exactly are you doing?" "Putting out bait." There was little time to discuss it further. Percy and Pansy left together, Harry only returned long enough to confirm that one team was being dispatched to Diagon Alley and another was already patrolling his neighbourhood. After talking through the logistics, they agreed to remain at Hermione's home. Without the use of magic outside of warded areas, Draco couldn't go out in the fieldÑat least not until the dust settled. Andromeda's was their next stop. They divulged everything to the sisters, which led to a choice: Narcissa could remain there for the next few weeks or she could come to Hermione's with them. She chose to stay. They spent the following few hours at the Malfoys' home, packing everyone for a longer stay, and advising the staff to lock everything down. They triple checked the wards and closed all but one Floo, limiting its connections in the process. Hermione gathered more clothes for Scorpius, checked on Narcissa's and Andromeda's progress, and saw Draco's bedroom for the first time when she happened upon him packing his own belongings. She sat on his bed and watched, looking around the bedroom dressed in neutral tones that only made it feel emptier. His bag must have been equipped with an extension charm or the sheer volume of clothes would have made its seams burst. There was no telling how much of anything he packed. All the same shades, it was hard to distinguish one piece of dark clothing from the next as he floated an ungodly amount of fabric into his bag. The last thing Draco did before they left was shrink the guest bed they'd spent weeks in, frame and all, and pack it away with the simple excuse that they needed a bigger bed. But she knew the truth. Draco thought of it as theirs. She did, too. Back at her house, their first step was to move her bed into the guest room Pansy hadn't started work on just yet, and after, Hermione took her time hanging all of Scorpius' clothes up and unpacking his things. By the time she finished, Draco was waiting in the doorway. "All unpacked?" Hermione had cleared half her closet and three drawers for him. Thinking of how many clothes he brought with him, she cringed at the prospect of needing new bedroom furniture. Or a new closet. Maybe both. He'd barely scratched the surface of his own closet. "I am. I also finished unpacking the office and setting up the map." Her office and bedroom were now a mesh of both their things. They'd have to sort through it all soon. "We should pick up Scorpius andÑ" "I called over and they're all asleep." "Likely from a sugar high." Hermione laughed. "But okay. We can arrange the office andÑ" She was about to pass Draco with the destination of their next project in mind, but he wrapped an arm around her waist and brought her to him. "We've got time." He looked down at her. "We're alone." Something about his tone brought her closer. It was as inviting as the finger looping through her belt buckle. As it turned out, they already had plans for the rest of the afternoon. December 5, 2011 Days passed quicker than Hermione's thoughts. Even with the heightened awareness and security, they fell into a routine easily. They all functioned in tandem, like they'd lived together for years instead of weeks. Days began with Draco resuming his habit of morning swims disguised as checking his empty house. By the time Hermione woke most mornings, he was already in the shower. It was easy to slip in. He always waited. Scorpius completed his morning chores with her. They had breakfastÑsometimes with Narcissa and Andromeda, sometimes withoutÑand she and Scorpius decided what they were going to do each day. They harvested ingredients for potions, checked and cleaned the stores together, and worked in the greenhouse with Neville. Hermione even started using the yoga mats Susan kept "accidentally" leaving behind. Scorpius had started joining her a few days prior, his eyes closed in silence. It was hard to tell if he was meditating or sleeping sitting up, but it didn't matter. He seemed calmer and more focused after that as they worked in some of his schoolbooks to keep his mind fresh. No shortage of people came by for a variety of reasons. The kids for visits. Sometimes Roger would call for an opinion on a case. Other times Theo would come through for tea or lunch. Padma visited daily. Memorably, Cho came by the day before with lunch, and though she remained somewhat distant, she smiled at Scorpius when he brought her a fork from the kitchen. Then again later when he picked a flower for her in the greenhouse. During Hermione's appointments and meetings, Scorpius napped. Sometimes she joined him after she finished, but more often than not when he woke, he came to wherever she was, already dressed for a walk. Fresh air made his cheeks rosy, and for a boy who liked the sun, he liked the cold, too. And he liked to run ahead of her. But Scorpius always came back. And so did his father. Draco returned at the same time each day, unless he knew he'd be late. When that happened, he made sure to tell them during their standard midday visit. Without many safe options for outings, and Draco's office directly connected to Hermione's Floo, she and Scorpius made a habit of taking his father lunch. As agreed upon, Draco was bound to warded locationsÑ which meant desk duty. He spent mornings and afternoons in strategy meetings with Harry and their teams planning the upcoming response to the park attack. Status meetings about tracking Greyback were daily, but despite him destroying whatever remained of the Apothecary, they had yet to trap him. Even without being able to work out in the field, Draco was buried under his caseload. But for a few minutes each day, he made time for them. By and large, her favourite part of the day was watching Scorpius hand the oversized lunch bag to his father. A few times they stayed and joined him, but normally they were only there long enough for Scorpius to eye an enormous book and flip through a few sections while they talked. They mostly ate dinner together, with the addition of a rotating guest list filling the extra place settings at the table. Various combinations of friends came and went in an endless cycle, and while the company was nice, the occasional dinner with just the three of them was always a highlight. Sometimes they stargazed. Sometimes Draco talked or read books, and he frequently worked on sign language with Scorpius. As soon as he learned how to sign "How do you signÑ" Scorpius was off to the races. Signing became something she did to work on her dexterity, even through the pain. Once Scorpius was fast asleep, Hermione always pulled Draco away from whatever he was working on that night. She entertained him, debated with him, but only until it was time to quiet both of their minds. Her signal was in the form of action. Sitting on his lap and closing the book he was reading or flipping his files shut. Draco never argued or asked for more time. He either led or followed her upstairs, set a charm to alert them if Scorpius got out of bed, and then they explored to their heart's content. Regularly. Thoroughly. Today had gone like many of the days past. Draco had taken Scorpius to Andromeda's to drop off a batch of potions for Narcissa and the ring he'd finally finished adjusting, leaving Hermione alone for the first time in days. She was reading a book on the sofa when Theo came through the Floo. She closed her book and looked him over. "Are you going out?" "Yes. Dinner." "With Cho?" "No, she's still not speaking to me." He only sounded mildly frustrated, like he'd put it on the backburner to settle until such a time he was ready to revisit. "I'm having dinner with the hospital board to discuss business. We're reviewing the hospital breach after dinner and there will be presentations regarding how to correct the security wards that were compromised. We'll also be discussing the vaccine trials." "Sounds illuminating." Hermione took a chance. "Vaccine trials?" "Yes," Theo answered. "We used the attack on the hospital to gather as many poison samples as possible. Roger's team created a vaccine that looks promising, so I've shifted away from producing antidotes and focused on vaccine development." Ensuring no one else went through those symptoms again was ideal. "Percy and I think Ministry employees should be the first to be vaccinated against the poison, followed by St Mungo's employees. We'll start branching out beyond that as the supply becomes available." "Makes sense." Hermione nodded along. "They're the most at risk." "We're also not making any announcements about it that might make the paper." Hermione almost asked why when the reason dawned on her. News spread in the most mysterious ways, and broadcasting a vaccine was a sure way for Death Eaters to begin making adjustments to the poison that might nullify their progress. It was smart, but it begged the question of how they would get everyone to take a potion and not talk about it. She was too curious not to ask, "How will you convince the employees to takeÑ" "Ah. It's a bit inspired. I thought we would have everyone sign an agreement with a jinx that only activates if they tell anyone. Ethical consequences only, of course. I'm not sure forehead boils would pass muster, but we'll figure something out." "Of course." "Besides, we have an agreement with Tiberius and the Ministry, so we need to make sure the consequences matter enough to buy their silence. Maybe we should consider fiscal. Hmm. Anyway, they've made a point that the first approved batches should be given to the senior Ministry officials." How convenient. "How much are you able to produce? How long would it take to get out to the public?" "Two months." Theo sighed. "I know, I'm trying to push for faster production in tonight's meeting. It'll be more expensive, but getting it dispersed to the general public will help. You've already been exposed, the vaccine won't work on you, but Draco hasn't." And neither has Scorpius. "Good luck." "I don't need luck. I intend to make them offers they can't refuse." Theo was as cryptic as ever. "Before I forget, I ran tests on the dagger Susan brought me. The use of such common poison plus confirmation of the Potion Master's death from Rabastan makes me think either their stores are low or they're saving what they have left." "One last fight?" "Sounds like it." "I'll let Harry and Draco know." "How are you all settling into your medical leave?" His eyes cut to the little gloves Scorpius had left behind. "And other changes." "It's an adjustment, of course." Hermione crossed her legs. "I'm certain we'll have hiccups, but so far it's been an easy transition." "And Scorpius? He seems happy here." "He's back to sleeping through the night after the playground incident." Hermione gave him a look. "How are you? I thought I'd try to circle back to your mentioning of Cho." "Are you meddling?" "I think it's only fair." "I asked if we could start over as friends and she needed time to think about it." "What are your intentions? Friends orÉ" "I need a little distance from everything to figure it out. I do care for her. She'sÑ" Theo looked away. "What we had wasn't healthy, but I can't focus on anything new until I'm better." Hermione nodded. "What if she moves on before then?" "Then she moves on. She has every right to do what makes her happy." "And what about you? What will you do?" "The same, but only when I'm ready." Theo left just before Draco returned with a sleeping Scorpius in his arms. It was an hour before his normal bedtime, but he'd had a busy day. They only took off his shoes and jacket, then tucked him under the covers. Draco turned on the projector, they set the charm, and soon they were alone in her office. "My mother was disappointed not to see you." Hermione's eyebrow rose. "I think she wants to corner me into another conversation, as if the last one wasn't enough." Draco picked up something she'd seen him look at from time to time. The blueprint. Then he took her hand and led the way to the conservatory. She was rapidly realising that outside of the brewing room, this was his favourite spot in the house. He'd only been here a few weeks, but it wasn't uncommon to find him in the conservatory instead of the office. They got comfortable on the sofa, and she tucked her feet at her side while she leaned against Draco as he reclined. He put his glasses on and unfolded the blueprint. Hermione let the silence stretch until she couldn't bear it. "What are you thinking?" One question led to them making changes together, and creating a shared space. They agreed to keep the office for them both and the rooms upstairs would stay the same. Draco liked the idea of the addition, but he didn't think his mother would use it as Hermione had intended. With a simple spell from her, the lines moved as it morphed into a reading room with three walls of bookshelves and space to lounge. She thought about the pool he was giving up and wondered if they could make room for one. Draco seemed excited by the prospect, but the biggest change she hadn't expected was his idea to lift the ceiling of the conservatory and add a second floor. By the time they finished dreaming, it was late. And then reality returned. Hermione had almost forgotten to tell him something important. "My parents are back and I've invited them for dinner tomorrow." Draco looked surprised but said nothing. "I'll need to talk to them about everything. I want to keep them out of it all and safe, which likely means sending them away. I refuse to use magic, so talking is the only way I can convince them." "Tomorrow?" "Yes. Are you busy?" "Percy wanted to discuss a few things, but I'll cancel." "You don't have to, I canÑ" "I'll cancel." For several moments, Hermione watched him with a steadily growing sense of his strength of character and loved him a little more for it. For everything. She leaned in, picking up the hand entwined with hers and kissing his knuckles. Then his lips. December 6, 2011 It took a team to complete a task Hermione used to do alone. Andromeda made certain the house was in top order. Luna quadruple checked for Wrackspurts. Susan and Cho set the table for five. Per the suggestion of her mother-in-law, Daphne made a vegetable pot pie, testing more options to make for Scorpius when he visited. Ginny made Shepherd's pie for the rest. Padma and Parvati provided dessert in the form of Baath cake from a local bakery. And Pansy made it clear she was only there for one reason: Moral support. Well, two. Moral support and drinks. "I'm not doing shots over dinner with my parents." Hermione scoffed at her friend. "It's not a terribly bad idea, all things considered." Pansy shrugged. "Might help clear the air." "OrÉ" Daphne smirked. "Mixed drinks instead of shots?" "No drinks at all." "That's dull." Pansy only sulked for a moment before she summoned the bottle of wine she'd brought and popped the cork with a twist of her wand. "I'll have to drink for your good luck, then. Doing my part as your friend, as I should." "That doesn't make any sense at all." Cho's lilt was soft in the noisy kitchen. She and Susan came in together from the conservatory and joined Pansy at the island. "Yes it does." Pansy started to hand the bottle to Susan, who'd taken the seat closest, but then she drew it back. "Wait, your mouth has been on Weasley." "So has yours." Pansy opened her mouth then shut it, offering the bottle. "Well played." Susan accepted it with a smirk. "How's that going?" Ginny asked, and when Pansy baulked, her look intensified. "I trust Susan with my mental health over you. She won't scar it." "There's not much to tell." Susan shrugged. "I'm not stringing him along, but I'm taking it slow for both our sakes. I'm not a rebound. I'm aware of what he wants. However, I also know what I want, what I require from him, and what he should require of me. Maybe one day we'll get there." Everyone just stared at her. Cho's whistle was low. "That wasÑ" "I'm not painfully independent like Hermione, or involved in a whirlwind romance with a widowed man who has a child and a list of issues as long as he is tall. I'm also not coming out of the trauma of a shite marriage. I don't know your trauma, Cho, but I didn't marry my first love, nor did I defy my entire family for happiness like you, Daph." Susan drank from the bottle and took a moment to continue. "I justÑam myself. Boring, I'm sure, but outside of a lot of dead relatives, I'm not complicated. I have basic needs and wants andÑnot everything has to be loud." "Nothing wrong with that." Ginny smiled. "Not every story has so much turmoil. My brother has had the whirlwinds, but IÑin the last few weeks, he's been trying to figure this thing out quietly." Susan looked thoughtful. "He's learning." Suddenly her attention swivelled to Hermione. "And how are you learning with Draco and Scorpius here?" "Things are going well. It's been an adjustment since the playground attack, but he's doing better. When he wants to talk, we listen. When he has night terrors, he comes to us, but they're less frequent than they have been." And, if nothing else, Scorpius was the personification of resilience. "He was a little sad earlier, so Draco came home for lunch and they went for a walk. He only just fell asleep before you all arrived." Pansy and Daphne stopped. "Draco did what?" "What? He and Scorpius are probably more in tune than ever." Hermione laughed at their gobsmacked faces. "I didn't even call him. I'm not sure howÑOh." The notebook. Scorpius had called and Draco came. Warmth bloomed in her chest at the thought of father and son using her gift as a vessel for the communication they'd only just established. She could see it so clearly: Draco's scrawl fanned out beneath Scorpius' misshapen letters on matching pages in two different places. It wasÑ Pansy picked up a stirring spoon and banged it on the island like a gavel. "That's all well and good with Scorpius, glad for it, but the real question is how are you and Draco?" "I want to know, too." Parvati hopped up on the clean portion of the island, ready for a story. Next to her, Padma shook her head and laughed. "If you won't say anything, I will." Pansy looked her up and down. "You lookÑ" "Relaxed," Susan interjected. "Energised." Ginny grinned. "Calm." Cho gave her an appreciative look. "Happy." Padma took the final stool next to Cho. "No one's going to say it?" Parvati looked around. "Fine. You look shagged the fuck out. Good for you, mate." They all dissolved into laughter. "WellÉ" Hermione shrugged with a coy smile. "Regular sex looks good on you both." Susan took another swig from the bottle. "Malfoy didn't have one comeback during our last session, and he turns up to yours like clockwork." Hermione rolled her eyes. "He fusses when I overdo it." Much to her irritation, but also oddly to her excitement. Draco tested her daily. In some ways, Susan had been right. Her pain was at least partially psychosomatic, all but washed away in the rush of adrenaline during the attack, but she hadn't completely recovered, which led to a serious focus on healing her nerve damage. It would take time. Draco routinely handed her items and made her accept them in her right hand, rather than her left. She was signing, albeit slowly, and performing small tasks that were different takes on the exercises Susan told her to complete each day. And if some tests led in an unexpected direction, with Draco exhaling roughly on her skin while she worked her hand up and down his cockÑwell, it was beneficial to more than just her recovery. "I'dÑwell, that's more domestic than I anticipated." Parvati pouted. "I thought you were just shagging each other into oblivion." "Not saying we aren't, but we're still dealing with other things, and our focus is Scorpius' comfort and acclimation. We're narrowing down schools. By the way, Ginny did youÑ" "Yes, I think we can visit. The school is warded, security would be allowed, and they have a team of their own. They wouldn't start until after Scorpius' birthÑ" "Wait a minute." Parvati waved her hands. "I thought this conversation was going to be hot and you'd spill all of Malfoy's bedroom secrets, but this is domestic and warm andÑ" Her eyes lit up as if a new realisation had dawned. "Actually, I take it back. This is hot. Draco Malfoy: dad I'd like toÑ" The entire room erupted in varying admonishments while Parvati cackled. "WellÑ" Daphne clasped her hands together after the hysterics passed. "I have news! Dean and I are thinking about more children." When everyone began to wonder loudly if she was already pregnant, she blushed and shook her head. "No, I'm only just back in my pre.pregnancy jeans. We're actually waiting for Halia to turn one, maybe by then Blaise and I will be finished with our expansion plans for the company and we'll have time to look for a bigger home." "Ah!" Ginny beamed. "Fair warning, two kids equal the work of three, and if you have more, it compounds." Everyone laughed until a puzzled Luna rushed into the room looking flustered. "I found a Wrackspurt!" It sounded as if it were the end of the world. "Quick, everyone, think positive thoughts!" From there, the gathering devolved into madness that left Hermione relaxed, not focused on what was ahead. Being with her friends, cooking with them, and letting Pansy drag her upstairs while Daphne helped Scorpius dress had done its job to make her forget about her nerves. Pansy was long gone by the time Hermione came down, dressed and ready for the occasion. And a quick look around showed everyone else had left, too. Everyone except Draco and Scorpius. Draco wore grey trousers and a black shirt, no tie. He was tying Scorpius' bowtie, and the little boy tried to watch, but Draco tilted his head up. Hermione leaned against the railing. "Everything good here?" Both turned their heads at the same time. Scorpius smiled, all gaps and dimples, and Draco very clearly looked her up and down. Now she understood it meant he liked her dress enough to want to see her out of it. "I have it covered." Draco finished what he was doing. "They should be here soon. Two Aurors are riding with them. Two flying under Disillusionment." Of course they had escorts. The danger was still all too real. Not twenty minutes later, there was a knock on her front door. Scorpius beat them both to the door but waited for her to open it. Hermione's father met her with a smile and a tight hug. It wasn't until she pulled back that she caught her mother's eye. They both turned their attention to her dad, who was waving at Scorpius. For all his earlier excitement, Scorpius was attached to her side. "Mum." "Hermione." She had little hope for the night, but the start already left something to be desired. "Come on in. Both of you." She stepped aside and her mother entered, removing her jacket to place it on the coat rack. Her dad followed, and Hermione noticed the box behind him. "What is that?" "Oh, an early Christmas gift for Scorpius." When Hermione looked down, she expected to find Scorpius staring at the gift, but his wide blue eyes were fixated on her mother instead. She was staring back as if surprised by his presence. "Sorry, this is Scorpius." Hermione laid a hand to the top of his head. "Scorpius, this is my mum." Polite as always, he waved but didn't offer his hand. "Your father told me thatÑ" "Ah!" Her dad brightened. "Mr Malfoy, pleasure to see you again." Hermione hadn't noticed him behind her. "Mr Granger." Draco stepped alongside her and shook her father's hand before greeting her mother with a polite, "Mrs Granger." Her mother appeared more confused. A quick tour was given as they journeyed to the conservatory. A few glances back caught her mother looking around in silence. Face blank, she was even harder to read than Draco, but her eyes did widen when she entered the conservatory. Dinner was quiet, dotted with polite conversation. Hermione said little outside of smiling whenever Scorpius gave her squinty looks of concern or Draco nudged her with his foot under the table. Her attention was on her mother, who watched each interaction the same way Hermione would herselfÑcuriously and with a bit of judgement. Maybe more than a bit. She could almost hear the unasked questions. Her dad was as habitually quiet as he had always been, but he'd learned some basic sign language and showed off to a pleased Scorpius. He and Draco had a conversation about football that lasted long enough for both Hermione and her mother to give them both strange looks. "I thought you'd prefer more pretentious sports like golf or polo." The word came out as if it were sour on her father's tongue before he chuckled. "I didn't think you were an Arsenal fan." Hermione brought her glass to her lips to cover her amusement. "I've played both." Draco left it at that. "But I'm not an Arsenal fan." She stopped as his real meaning dawned on her. Draco Malfoy was making an effort with her father. It continued after dinner when they temporarily moved into the living room for Scorpius to open the gift from her dad. Stuffed full, it held a colourful array of paints, brushes in all shapes and sizes, and a wooden paletteÑall of which the little boy stared at in awe. The exchange of thank you and you're welcome was comical. Her dad forgot the sign and Scorpius proudly showed him. Then, her father pulled over Scorpius' easel Hermione had left in the corner of the room for him. Waiting patiently as Scorpius left and returned with a fresh canvas, there was a softness in her dad's eyes that spoke of how much he cared for the little boy. They set up the canvas, but didn't paint. No, at first they just mixed colours. And, for a while, she and Draco watched from the kitchen in silence with her mother; the only noise being her dad's voice as he explained colour theory to a five-year-old. Scorpius paid close attention. Draco made ginger tea, Hermione handled the dishes, and her mother took turns watching the scene in the living room and them. She said nothing until Draco placed the cup of tea in front of her. "My husband is quite attached to your son." There was a pause. "As is my daughter." Hermione froze. Draco wisely said nothing. "Are you twoÉ" Her mother gestured between the two of them. "Dating?" "Yes." Draco didn't miss a beat. "However, I prefer the term courting." "It seems rather archaic." Hermione couldn't blame her mother for saying as much, she'd held the same opinion. "Why courting and not dating?" "The difference is intent." Draco poured her mother a glass of chamomile lavender tea and handed it to her. "Dating presents two people with a number of potential ends, whereas courting only has one." Hermione nearly swallowed her tongue while her mother choked on her first sip of tea. They both stared at him. "Quite the statement after such a short amount of time." "That it is." Draco dipped his head. "Excuse me. I'll leave you two to talk." After giving her hand an encouraging squeeze, he left in the direction of the living room with his tea. Scorpius smiled at his father once before picking up red and blue paint to mix for purple. Hermione's father and the little boy were painting the twilight sky together. Draco simply watched as they brought the stunning sky to life. And when her father turned on the Wireless and tuned it to a station playing instrumental music, Draco didn't complain. Now alone, Hermione picked up her tea and gestured to her mother to join her in the conservatory. They drank in silence while her mother looked up through the glass ceiling at the starry sky. "How was your ride here?" It was the only way Hermione could think to start the conversation. "Long." Her mother sipped her tea. "It's very quiet out here. I prefer the city." "I know." "And yet you live so far from it, willing to make your father drive three hours." "I didn't make him do anything. He chose to." Hermione thought about how happy he looked to be back tonight. "I'm not certain whether he actually likes it here or he just respects how much I like it." "Your father also seems to like your little family." "He does, doesn't he?" Hermione smiled, perfectly aware of the fine line she was walking. "Do you?" "I think that Scorpius is very sweet, but his father is ratherÉ intense. I'm not certain what to make of him just yet. He's not as easy to talk to as Ron was." Her mother winced at the deadpan look Hermione was giving her. "Sorry." "I don't compare the incomparable. They're different men." "Your father says he's newly-widowed, yet he speaks as though he's certain of you." She wasn't wrong. Hermione was also taken aback until she reminded herself that this was who Draco was. "I just think it's all very sudden and you should be careful. His family might be reformed, but you're rushing into something that's much larger than you realise. Part of me wonders if this is your reaction toÑ" "Perhaps it does seem sudden to you," Hermione interrupted. "In ways it is for me, too, but I was fighting this with everything I had before I even knew what it was." She looked down at her hands and chuckled dryly. "I lost, or should I say, I let go and gave in to the inevitable." "Believe it or not, I do respect your decision, butÑ" "Draco is who he is. He makes no apologies for that." And Hermione would never make him. "But what he isn't is an impetuous decision. I agonised over him, I overthought, I drove myself to the brink of insanity before I accepted him. Somehow, we made it here and we're just trying to do what feels right. I'mÉ happy." Her mother said nothing for as long as it took to finish her tea. "The last time I spoke with youÑ" "The last time we spoke wasn't a good conversation to point at for an example." The sharp edge of Hermione's tone wasn't lost on her mother. "I thought we weren't hashing up old issues tonight." "Old issues implies that we've resolved them and they're resurfacing again. This isn't the case." Hermione's mother took an impatient breath. "Your father made me promise not to fight with you tonight." "Then perhaps you shouldn't. We should just talk." "Okay." She placed the empty teacup on the table. "I've realised in the months of fighting with your father that I've been upset with you for longer than I cared to admit." "I know." "And I've punished you for it." "I know." Nobody punished themselves more than Hermione. But she was done with that now. She had to be. "I think what happened to you made me understand why you felt you had toÉ do what you had to do. But that hasn't stopped me from being hurt." Her mother's voice softened, eyes downcast. "I try, but I'm not sure how. It's not like you need us. You haven't for a long time." The words stung as much as they had when she'd heard her father speak them in the car. "What hurts me more than anything is that you tucked us away in Australia and forgot about us." "I didn't forget about you. Not once." Day and night they'd filled her thoughts, kept her company in her dreams, and gave her hope when she'd had none left. "But I forgot you." Her mother's voice was hardly a whisper. "A mother should never forget andÑ" "MumÉ" "I've been trying. I'll admit that I've made some mistakes, but the more I pull and the more I try to help, the more you push and resist. I meant what I said before. I want you to be happy, but it seems your happiness is taking you away from us." "That's how you perceive it, but if anything, the way you've acted hot and cold with me for years has made me keep my distance, however unconsciously." Hermione sighed. "I didn't invite you over here to fight, nor did I invite you here to apologise." "Then why did you invite me here?" "Several reasons." Hermione ran a hand through her hair. "I know we should discuss our issues. At one point I thought perhaps tonight we might make amends, but now that you're here, now that you're talking, I'm realising I'm not even sure I'm ready for that." "Would it mean anything if I had regrets about the things I've said?" "Of course. And I do, too, butÉ" But that didn't mean she was obligated to mend every bridge. Every gap. And she was reminded of Astoria. Maybe she had been right in understanding that all parts of her life didn't need to be in harmony. Peace was healing in and of itself. Healing she hadn't realised she'd done. But how long did a scar linger after a wound was healed? Some took a long time, and even when they did, whatever emerged would always be changed. New skin never knitted together perfectly. Maybe it wasn't the worst thing. Just something she would live with and learn from. Be changed in the same way other events in her lifeÑwar, a seizure, near death, and the entire process of opening her heartÑhad shaped her into who she was right now. Hermione's rumination ended when her dad peeked into the room. "Scorpius has earmuffs on." The corner of his lips quirked. "He'll paint while we talk." They brought the little boy, his easel, and the conversation into the conservatory. Whatever music was playing, Scorpius loved it, but he peeked every now and then from around the canvas just to be sure everyone was still there. Each time Hermione would give him a nod. Draco was all business. "We have a situation that may affect your safety." He turned it over to her, and Hermione told them about Greyback following her scent, and the Death Eaters tracking Draco. When she told them about the attack at the playground, her parents looked borderline sick, even after she explained all the added security measures. "AreÑare we in any danger?" Her dad looked uncomfortable. "I thought the escort was a bit much, but now I'm wondering if it's enough." "At this point, I don't believe you're a target." Draco replied. "But we think it's safer to mitigate all risks." "DoÑ" Her mother folded her hands in her lap. "Are we going to lose our memories again?" "No." Hermione shook her head. "Of course not." "We'll disguise you with magic to make you both unrecognisable." Draco picked up seamlessly right where Hermione left off. "The issue with you remaining in London is that we don't know how long I've been followed, or if someone knows where your home is. We have Aurors guarding your home, but for optimal safety, it might be best if you take a tripÑ at least until the start of the year. We're conducting raids that might cause retaliation, and we don't want either of you targeted in the fallout." "Okay." Her dad exchanged looks with her mother. "We don't have to return to Australia, do we?" "Of course not," Draco said. "You're welcome to go wherever you choose, and I'll provide everything for you to remain comfortable until the threat is eliminated." Hermione turned to Draco. That hadn't been part of the plan. She caught his eye and he gave her a little nod before focusing on her parents. "It'll be your decision," Draco added. They all knew Hermione hadn't given them one in the past. Outfitted with a warming charm, her parents went out into the cold to weigh their options. For the length of time it took Scorpius to finish his painting, play with the chicks, and nod off on the sofa with his thumb in his mouth, Hermione observed them from behind the glass panes. Alive with worry that they would refuse, she nearly couldn't hold back her relief when her parents returned to the conservatory. "We'll do this." Her father gave her a soft smile. "But you must keep in contact with us. Buy a mobile and keep us up to date with what's happening." "Don't leave us in the dark." Her mother took a short breath before adding, "Please." Hermione locked eyes with her mother, and began to reach, like she always did on instinct, but she kept her hands to herself, happy with her quiet decision that not all landforms were meant to be connected by bridges. Perhaps one day they might construct one, or maybe not, but for now, the chasm between them was more of a benefit than a detriment. "I hear Fiji is beautiful this time of year." Her dad nudged her mother with a smile that was returned in kind. "I'll make the arrangements." Draco's eyes slightly narrowed when he caught her expression, but Hermione squeezed the hand she'd been holding ever since her parents had left to talk. When he opened his mouth to say something, a sound stopped him short. Her Floo had flared to life. It was quickly followed by a knock on the conservatory door. Percy. Calmly, he greeted everyone in the room. He was familiar with her parents after years of holiday dinners while she and Ron were together. "Apologies for the intrusion, but I need you both to come with me." "Why?" Draco asked but stood anyway. "Your rat is sitting in my office." Percy's voice was a mix of bewilderment and disbelief. "He's waiting for you both." Hermione's breath caught. "What does he want?" "Immunity." The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war. Norman Schwarzkopf Chapter End Notes Thank you all for your love and reviews. I appreciate each of them. Hope you enjoyed the chapter. That action sequence played in my head like a movie but putting it to paper LMAO, that was fun. This is fine. We all know how much I love action...(I do not). Art for this chapter: Draco Holding Scorpius in the Greenhouse by theartofmiha & Draco Interrogating Rabastan by oukyn & "Stupid Boy" by oukyn Chapter 38: TiesThatBind Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Thirty Eight Ties That Bind December 6, 2011 Cormac McLaggen had gotten himself into quite the mess. Yet, by the time Draco and Hermione entered Percy's office, Cormac sat in Percy's chair as proud and arrogant as ever. A slimy smirk creased the corners of his lips when he saw Hermione, despite his bound wrists and Pansy's wand at his neck. When he blatantly looked down at her legs, Hermione briefly considered giving Pansy permission to use whatever hex was poised at the tip of her tongue. Fortunately for Cormac, Hermione knew the art of war wasn't nearly as effective as the art of diplomacy. She ignored him. But Draco didn't. With one nod from him, the tip of Pansy's wand lit in permission, and the coils of his binds tightened until Cormac's expression dissolved into a pained grimace. By the time Pansy loosened them again, he was gritting his teeth and panting. "Why did youÑ" "A reminder." Draco's face was devoid of emotion. "Plenty where that came from." Pansy smiled brightly. Hermione eyed her, then turned her glare on Draco, but his unapologetic stare and Percy's lack of argument made her recall a valuable lesson. Diplomacy didn't mean sacrificing respect in the name of keeping the peace. So, fair enough. Rather than address it, she moved on. "Where are we taking him?" "This Floo connects to the place. Harry's waiting for us in the meeting room. How much time do you both have?" "Scorpius is at home with Granger's parents. We have time." They were staying the night. When they left, Zippy was preparing the guest room, and Scorpius was in pyjamas, trying to listen to her dad read, but was close to sleep with his thumb in his mouth while her mother observed. Percy gestured and said, "Lead the way." Hermione had been in the meeting room at the library more than once, but upon their entrance she learned something new. The desk Harry had his feet on transformed into a table large enough for six. The magical remodelling startled him so badly he swore as he fell from the chair, disappearing from sight. Four additional chairs appeared on one side of the table and one popped into existence on the other. "Are you okay, Harry?" Hermione asked when the room stopped changing. "FucÑow. Yeah, I'm fine. I think?" "You could have told the room how many people were attending." A vaguely amused Percy helped Harry to his feet. "How was I supposed to know?" Pansy cackled, which earned her a rude gesture from Harry after he claimed the middle chair. Draco suppressed his laughter with a cough and glared at Cormac, who was too busy looking around the room to notice. "Where am I?" "That's none of your concern." Draco all but shoved the taller man into the chair. It earned him a put out look. "You don't have to stay," Percy said to Pansy in a low voice Hermione barely caught. "I'll wait up." She winked at him and left. After adjusting Hermione's seat next to Harry, Draco took his own, but instead of asking the question Hermione was dying to know, he sat back and let Percy do his job. "Immunity isn't given. It's earned." Percy summoned a parchment and quill, spelling them to record every word before folding his hands and leaning back. "If we were to entertain the request, it would require more than your presence." "Name your price." "The truth. All of it. But first, we'll start with what you know of your uncle's business practises." "Everything." The sound that escaped Cormac was bitter and cold. "If immunity's on the table, I have nothing to hide." Then he started talking. And something sparked inside Hermione. Fire. Cormac went into graphic detail about his uncle's business dealings. He'd amassed wealth years before the wars through the quiet deception of the Muggle world. Using a Confundus on unsuspecting Muggles whenever they discovered his scams, and paying off various Ministry officials to turn a blind eye when his actions caught up to him. As far as the wizarding world, his reach stretched well beyond the rental situation in Diagon AlleyÑthe lone hearing's results were buried under a mountain of legal documentation. The Floo Network Authority had been the reason Tiberius had been allowed into Hermione's office all those months ago without her permissionÑpaperwork banning him had been filed quietly by Percy following the meeting. And it went on from there. He owned not only Diagon Alley, but businesses chosen by the Ministry to repair the damage to Gringotts. Hundreds of requests for the Ministry to fix the magical damage done to homes and businesses outside of Diagon Alley had been ignoredÑunless he saw the benefit to fixing them. The more Cormac talked, the worse Hermione felt. Her head began to pound, her stomach rolled with nausea, and her fists balled as tight as the tension in her shoulders. Harry looked unsettled, but Percy and Draco were harder to read. Every Wizengamot member was under his thumb. Some for the deeds they'd done, others for the secrets they needed kept, a few kept quiet for the Galleons they received as compensation, and the majority just ignored everything they saw. In Hermione's opinion, the latter were the worst. And now they were the most terrified. "I'd like to discuss the details of my immunity now." Cormac blinked twice while jiggling his leg. Hermione quickly picked up on the nervous tics. Odd. "I've told you some of what I know. Now it's your turn to grant me immunity for the rest." "It doesn't work like that." Percy looked up from the parchment. "Your information has to be confirmed and verified. A deal has to be drawn, magical documents prepared, approved, signed, and sealed. It's not something we can do rightÑ" "I'll take a Vow," he said. Even odder. "Should anything I say turn out to be false, I'll pay with my life." "There's no need toÑ" "Let him do it." Draco tapped his fingers against the arms of his chair. "It'll benefit us one way or another. A win-win, if you will." Hermione gave him a chiding look. No, she didn't like Cormac, but she didn't wish ill on him. Draco shrugged in response, but from the corner of her eye, Percy's expression made it clear he wasn't opposed. An exchanged look between Harry and Draco prompted them all to leave her and Cormac at the table for what ended up being a lengthy conversation out of earshot. Her curiosity nearly consumed her by the time they returned. "Harry will serve as witness." Draco wouldn't look at her. "You get to choose who takes The Vow with you. Granger is excluded." Cormac chose Percy, trusting his phrasing over Draco's in fear that he'd end up dead due to loopholes. He wasn't wrong. Draco took the decision in stride, unbound Cormac, and returned to his seat next to her. Hermione looked on while Percy and Cormac stood before each other, their right hands clasped while Harry, with his wand resting on their linked hands, acted as a witness. Each time Percy recited a vow and Cormac accepted, a thin stream of fire emitted from Harry's wand, weaving around their hands. By the time they finished, there were four links, and the agreement made them sink into their skin. It was done. Cormac looked visibly relieved. Draco tapped his finger twice. Percy's next order of business was obtaining his memories. Always prepared, Hermione fished vials out of her beaded bag as needed. There were at least thirty by the time he finished, and she packed each carefully, returning them to her bag one at a time. "What is Tiberius most afraid of?" Percy asked once seated. "A deal he made just after he became Chief Warlock." Cormac rubbed his sore wrists. "Beneficial at first, lucrative enough for both parties, but it's become a detriment as of late." "A deal with who?" "The Death Eaters." No one said a word. Hermione's stomach dropped. Momentarily dizzy from her heart's pounding, her mind raced in all directions like a whirlwind, flinging the dust of memories of incidents that jogged her confusion, comments that piqued her curiosity, and things that never sat well with her. Everything. The truth made so much sense it hurt. The past, now seen through a different lens of the very worst sort of corruption, made her physically ill. "My uncle is very good at forming alliances. It's how he became Chief Warlock in the first place." Hermione was still reeling. "It's also how he's managed to keep the Death Eaters from destroying everything under his rule. They needed time to rebuild, and my uncle wanted them to focus their efforts somewhere else. They were to cause just enough chaos to keep the Aurors busy and draw the public's focus off of the Ministry. It was ideal to allow him to do as he pleased." Dark eyes cut over to Draco, then PercyÑneither had moved except to look at each other from opposite ends of the table. The silent conversation went over Hermione's head. "Learning of the existence of the restoration at the beginning of the year made him paranoid. He didn't know who was in it, but the idea of someone potentially figuring it out made him volatile and sloppy. Did either of you suspect?" "It was a theory." Percy left it at that. "How long have you been involved?" "Seven years." A rueful chuckle escaped. "Since my uncle decided to stop getting his hands dirty." "War is more profitable than peace." The words were bitter in her mouth. "War allows the attention to fall on everything except the source of the problem." Her eyes met Cormac's and he gave a little shrug but didn't deny it. "And your role?" Percy remained calm, even as Harry shifted uncomfortably. "I funnelled funds and information back and forth, and pacified them when the Ministry made changes they weren't aware of. I did my uncle's dirty work. At first, it was unwillingly, but over time it got easier. I knew it was going to fall apart at some point, so I did what I had to do. I kept evidence, formed my own alliances, and ended up gaining their trust with a few side projects of my own along the way." "Such as?" "Too many to count. But there is one that might interest you more than the rest. They wanted an army, strength in numbers and all that, and I assisted with that effort to keep Greyback's teeth out of me. It's their only need for him, aside from controlling the wolves he's created. I pointed him in the direction of the families of defectors and those who wouldn't comply at each full moon." Hermione just gaped at Cormac, unable to wrap her mind around how casually he was speaking about the horrors of his actions. He didn't care. The steady rise in Padma's wolves. Those who answered the call and those who returned wounded, broken, and horrified. Cormac shrugged as though lives hadn't been lost to save his own skin in the selfish pursuit of playing both sides. "A few poisoned letters here and thereÉ" Hermione wondered if Molly's was one. "Finding poisoned artefacts and disguising them as gifts." Hermione's breath caught. Her heart stopped. Draco's fist tightened around his wand. Then released. They looked at one another. Now wasn't the time. Cormac continued, "Taking an address from a sealed Ministry fileÉ" "You fucking bastard!" Harry's wand was out in a second and pointed at an unarmed Cormac. Hermione had never seen him so furious, so close to losing control, not since he'd lost Voldemort's poisonous presence in his head and the darkness that clouded his heart. Cormac's only reaction was a tilt of his head. "Nobody was hurt and you should thank me for that." It was the wrong thing to say. "Because of an impromptu trip to my in-laws house!" "You think I wanted to do that?" Cormac's voice rose. "They've been looking for you for years and were getting bored with my information. I had toÑ" Harry's spell pinned Cormac against the wall with a loud crash. The paintings trembled. Ready to punish himÑnot with magic, but with his fistÑHarry Apparated across the room in a blaze of fury. Percy had to do the same to pull him off of Cormac. Draco didn't move. Hermione barely had time to blink before it was over. "Harry." Percy's tone was cool and direct, but his breathing was laboured like someone using all their strength to stop an angry man from exacting revenge. He shook him once when he lunged at Cormac again. "Go home. It's late." After shrugging out of Percy's grip, Harry wordlessly did just that, slamming the door behind him so loudly three paintings fell and shattered before their eyes. "You deserve it." Hermione frowned in disgust when Cormac dusted his shirt. "And more." Cormac cut his eyes at her. "Are you going to draw your wand, too?" His voice was as arrogant as ever but there was a slight hint of fear in his eyes. "Not yet." She crossed her legs, watching each action until he returned to his seat. "I'll make a decision when we're finished." Percy steered the conversation back. "Are you still in contact with anyone?" "Yes, as a matter of fact, I am. My main contact died in the park attack, but I have others who will answer my call." Dark amusement spread across Cormac's features when his eyes shifted to Draco. "They want to see your entire bloodline destroyed." "I'm aware." Draco looked as bored as he sounded. "Tell me something I don't know." "I tried to convince my uncle otherwise, but he insists you have something to do with the restoration. Your arrival was the start of him noticing its existence." Well, that explained the attempt at firing him and all the interrogations. "He's long suspected Percy of leading, but he's incorruptible," Cormac said. "Malfoy isn't." Draco didn't dignify him with a response. "Why now?" Hermione couldn't keep quiet for another second. "Why help now?" Cormac turned his attention to her. "Call it a change of heart." "What heart? You don't give a damn about the people you've hurt." "He's running scared." Draco's words were low and private, spoken only to her. The hand on her leg served as a temporary balm to cool her ire. "I recognise the look." And Hermione recognised the meaning in his unspoken words. In himself. "How long have you known, McLaggen?" he asked. The silent stare down between Cormac and Draco was short lived. Percy looked particularly dumbfounded. "Known what?" "Tiberius wants his nephew silenced." Draco almost smirked. "Permanently." "How do you know?" Cormac frowned. "The only way you'd respond to my note and come here is if you had no other choice. Nowhere to go. No one to trust. No friends or family to protect you." Draco would know that better than anyone. Cormac's eyes narrowed, and the corners of his mouth tightened. "To answer your question, I suspected it after you took my memory. He found it suspicious that I'd simply lost a day and couldn't remember what I promised you I'd keep hidden. He couldn't figure out what you knew or what I'd told you." Hermione's eyes shifted to Draco. Cormac's downfall had started over something simple. Them. Together in the Ministry. "I didn't know for certain until after we were unsuccessful at acquiring Hermione's memory of the hospital attack." And then Cormac's attention was on her. "You know why." "I didn't know then." Hermione shifted in her seat. "Not until your uncle's persistence made me scour my memory for something I was too hurt and disoriented to notice. I never would have looked otherwise. Ultimately, this was his fault." "Don't you see, now?" Cormac's chuckle was dry at best. "All of this is. Paranoid, greedy bastard." "How'd you escape from the hospital?" Percy asked. "I took inspiration from Hermione and decided to leave on my own." Cormac shrugged. "Disillusionment is the only spell I know how to cast wandless. I woke up a few days before I escaped. It was easy to pretend I was barely lucid. I kept trying to get Granger's attention, but she didn't notice, nor was she ever left alone with me." Hermione remembered well. No one would allow it. "What could I have done?" "Protect me." Cormac folded his arms, eyes turning scornful. "I heard from one of the Mediwitches that the Minister was visiting and you wouldn't be around. I knew I needed to escape. He's an idiot but he follows directions well." "Why didn't you leave town?" "And let my uncle use me as a scapegoat? No. I went home, packed all the evidence I'd been keeping as collateral, and grabbed as much out of my Gringotts vault as possible. I tried to find you, but when I did, you were in the cemetery and there were too many people. I was figuring out the best way to get you alone when I got Malfoy's note." The three of them exchanged looks. Cormac sat straighter in his chair but kept running his hand through his hair. "I thought you'd be able to figure out that I was faking but you didn't. Then you didn't come with Padma on the last shift and IÑyour presence kept him away. He's terrified of you, as much as he is of Kingsley." "Why? I'm not even in politics. I'm a Healer." "You truly don't understand your own power." Cormac shook his head. "Power wasted on someone who doesn't want it." Hermione's jaw ticked. Draco's hand remained steady. "You think your departure from the Ministry wasn't noticed? Whispers started the moment you quit. They were loud enough that his first idea was to lure you back. He sent me to complete the job." Which led to years of irritating interactions. "When that didn't work, and he got tired of Theo's responses on your behalf, he went to see you himself and came back from your first meeting shaking. And when you threatened him in his office back in May, I'd never seen him more paranoid." "Why?" "You're openly defiant, yet people respect you. He became fixated on keeping you out of matters. What better way to keep you out than to have a missing Auror show up with a threat? He didn't plan it, but he knew you lived near Godric's Hollow, so take that how you will." Hermione was disgusted. "Do they know now?" "Not an exact location, but if my uncle knew, so would they." "Why me?" "He thought you would be his undoing. That you would find out first. When you were moving into the DMLE, you got a little too close for comfort on some of your reviews. And that was when you were doing the work of five. Imagine if you were only doing one job. You would have meddled." "Greed cannot be the only motivator in all of this." Hermione shook her head. "It can't be." "Why not?" Cormac leaned forward. "Power and greed will make a man do anything, even make someone forget about his family." For the first time, she saw the hurt in his eyes. The betrayal and damage from nearly being murdered by someone he looked up to. He had been a pawn, too, however spineless. But when stacked up alongside his crimesÑwhat happened at Harry's house, Scorpius and the gifts, Molly, the wolves, and even those she didn't know who were scarred by his choicesÑ Hermione was incapable of pity. Percy looked thoughtful. "What changed?" "Greed traps us all." Cormac winced. "Malfoy is right. Death Eaters wanted more than my uncle could give without raising further suspicion. They began pushing boundaries, overwhelming the Aurors whose resources and training had been limited for years, kidnapping the Potions Master to make him create an airborne poison. All of which was ignored in favour of keeping the agreement alive." "But for how long?" Draco paused. "He had to know they were planning to take over the MinistryÑ" "He did, but the Aurors and Task Force were doing just enough to keep them preoccupied. War equals Galleons. Even the joke shop saw consistently high sales of security items. Other companies as well. Having an enemy, perceived or real, is profitable." Draco's expression went blank. "What happened?" "Your surprise raid my uncle knew nothing of led toÑ" "The executions." Draco paused for a tense moment. "Your uncle lost his security blanket." "It was a message for him that their deal was off." "He's at risk just like everyone else." Hermione scoffed. This is our reality. And now it's yours. Tiberius' tyranny had led to paranoia. His newfound investment in the vaccine, closing himself inÑeverything she'd found so strange was beginning to make sense. "It made him more unhinged." Cormac looked at Hermione. "Your statement to the Wizengamot made you more dangerous in his eyes. I'm the prime example of my uncle's tendency to try and silence his problems." The Quidditch attack orÑ "The hospital?" "No, that wasn't about you. Not entirely, at least. And from what I heard, it was a disaster. Their plan was to destroy the production of the vaccine and take Theo. Neither of which was accomplished." Hermione was speechless. "Their mole got cold feet with all the errors that occurred." "What errors?" Percy didn't look up. "The potion kept them under almost two hours too long." Draco perked up, head tilting in curiosity. Hermione knew why. Potions Masters didn't make simple mistakes like that. She thought about the time. Almost two hours before and she and Scorpius would have only just arrived. Things would have transpired differently or not given her the opportunity to charge headfirst into danger. "It was done on purpose by the Potions Master." Cormac leaned back in his chair. "His act of defiance would have cost him his life the moment they figured it out had he not died during Greyback's escape before they could heal him." "Why was he there?" Draco tipped his fingers. "Was itÑ" "If I had to guess, to cause panic and fear, but they didn't account for the Healers fighting back or that your presence would make everything go even further to shite." A chill settled in her bones. "Years rotting away in Azkaban with just one thought in mind. One image. One person. He said you were supposed to be his. He once smelled you on me andÑ" Fear crossed his eyes. "Let's just say, I'm not surprised Greyback abandoned the plan when he caught wind of you." Hermione felt sick. "You both crashed in the room when I was trying to clean up my uncle's mess with our alliance, but that was a failure. My last one." He looked at her. "What happened to you wasn't part of the plan, but my uncle wasn't upset by it. Too busy trying to cover his tracks. He thought he'd gotten rid of you for good, butÑ" "He didn't." Hermione's fists tightened. "I bet he was surprised to see me walk into the inquiry." "More shocked when you walked out with your memories." Cormac looked at Percy. "There's more. Much more. But I need to know how you plan to protect me after I tell you the rest." "You'll be placed in protective custody." "And Tiberius? Will heÑ" "He'll be brought to justice." Unable to remain seated a moment longer, Hermione rose from her chair. "Not only for myself, but for everyone. You'll need to testify at your uncle's trial, but after that, he'll answer for what he's done." More than ever, she wanted to be there when it happened. A glance at Draco revealed him watching her. They all were. "For what it's worthÉ" A flicker of regret swept across Cormac's features but he sighed and quickly looked away. "I am sorry for what happened to you." No remorse for anyone else. "It wasn't personal." Just business. Anger burned her insides. Every nerve. Every cell. Rage boiled to the surface, ready to set fire to everything. But Hermione knew she couldn't. Not yet. Hermione inhaled deeply to temper her fury. Or, she tried to. "You're a coward and immunity won't change that. You called Draco a monster for past sins when you're the worst sinner of all: one who knew the truth but turned a blind eye to it while benefiting from the lies. Then you have the gall to come running for help to save yourself." The laugh that tore from her hurt. "Be happy this isn't up to me. If it were, you would be right next to your uncleÑburning." With her next exhale, Hermione reminded herself of the peace she'd made. But that wasn't enough to stop her from letting that fire of her fury blaze one last time by punching Cormac square in the jaw on her way out. Percy called her name, but Draco's words were the last she heard. "Let her go." The library wasn't empty tonight. As Hermione meandered through the rows with her swollen hand tucked against her stomach, heads lifted, eyes followed her, but nobody spoke. She was grateful, even if the privacy was false. There was no direction to the tide of emotions rising and falling within her, so she tried to centre herself with the scent of old parchment and animal hide in the magical history section, revive herself with the current of magic wafting off the pages in the section on ancient charms, distract herself with the whispers and the lamenting wails of cursed books, and allow herself to be drawn to the coloured smoke billowing from the pages of the potions texts. It was an entertaining experience shared by the other patrons milling about. Intriguing, yet Hermione couldn't enjoy it like she wanted to. She was too deep in thought, mind racing through scene after scene as she tried to pick out a moment she could have found the answer earlier. The idea of certain things being different left her agitated by the truth of her own helplessness, her own humanity. But the past was the past. No need to look back, as there was nothing she could change, nothing she could do except move forward. Hermione rubbed her temples and breathed. Attention didn't remain on her for long, but it did shift to another sight. A man at the centre of the library in the most obnoxious Chesterfield armchair she'd ever seen. A man reading a book that emitted a sound like waves with each page he turned. A man who'd kept careful distance while she roamed the library like a caged animal. Like a king, Draco sat on his throne with his head up, spine straight, and perfect posture. He appeared to be entranced by the book, but Hermione knew better; she felt him watching her over the rim of his glasses. He was letting her stew, giving her space. It was bizarrely comforting. During the second hour, Hermione finally relaxed enough to seek Draco out, only to find he'd abandoned his seat and the odd book. She didn't feel him at her back until familiar hands rested on her shoulders. "Follow me." They weaved through shelves, passing people who now openly watched them. Draco's pace was slow enough to walk beside him, and she had a feeling about their destination before they arrived. The Restricted Section. The lights brightened an infinitesimal amount as she stepped in the room, just as they had last time, but when Draco tapped his wand at the wall, the glass darkened, no longer transparent. Clever. Hermione's eyes landed on the book she'd apologised to for dropping on her last visit, and she covered her smile with her unhurt fist as Draco shut the door. Leaning against the lone table, she said nothing, nor did she back away as he stepped into her space. His kiss was a welcome surprise. One Hermione gave into willingly. Deeply. This was the moment she slowed long enough for her feet to touch the Earth. As his mouth moved over hers slowly and hypnotically, the wounds of the day began to seal shut; her mind softened, quieted. Draco's hands at her waist kept her steady, then drew her closer. Patience and trust without urgencyÑno hint for more. Just lips against hers muting the pain and drawing breathy sounds from her chest. Just the tip of his tongue taking her on a journey that circled through sentiments he didn't need to say. Support. Devotion. Love. After a long night, these were his offerings. Hermione held on in acceptance until Draco pulled back and scanned her eyes. His fingertips ghosted the side of her neck. "Better?" he murmured against her lips. She answered with a small nod before he stepped back just enough to take hold of the wrist she'd kept close to her. One punch left her skin red and her knuckles bruised and swelling. "Does it hurt?" "No." Draco gave her a disbelieving look. "A little." Her stubbornness, for once, amused him, and he rolled his eyes before extracting his wand. "May I?" Draco wanted to heal her. "Or I could call Bones over to yell at us both because you punched McLaggen with your bad hand." She cringed. When he put it like thatÑwait. "I thought you weren't good at healing charms?" "Shut up." Before a sarcastic retort could escape, the tip of his wand glowed pale yellow. The bruises faded. Swollen, angry skin returned to its normal shade and the pain dissipated. Draco pocketed his wand, and the corner of his mouth lifted into a smirk. Hermione slowly opened and closed her fist. "Where did they take him?" "After Percy healed his nose, my team escorted him to a safe house in Wales." There was a pause. "He'll continue with the memory extraction and the Pensieve will be used to review all the memories, hopefully for more evidence and details he missed. Kingsley is currently being briefed, as is Hestia. Percy will brief both his legal team and the restoration members in the coming days. He's looking to make quiet arrests." There were few things she looked forward to less than another meeting with the group. However, as much as they aggravated her, their pushiness was rooted in desperation to protect their work, the Ministry, and in some cases, the general public from tyranny. It didn't justify their actions or the way they treated them, but Hermione understood it came from a place of concern. "I'll skip the meeting, but if I'm neededÑ" "I said Percy will brief the restoration." Draco's tone turned serious. "We need a holiday." "What?" Hermione recoiled. "There's too much happening to justÑ" "That's exactly why we should." The severity of his expression made her listen instead of argue. "Officially, your job is done with the restoration. My Task Force is divided between patrolling for Death Eaters and Greyback and preparing to begin the raids on safe houses with the Aurors disguised using Polyjuice. They know their assignments." Draco shifted his weight. "Percy has been building the case against Tiberius and the Minister all year. Now with Cormac Vowed and the evidence in his memories, they can finally move. The Wizengamot doesn't control arrest warrants. It's too far beneath them. Besides, there are translated laws against delaying due process, and to install an Interim Minister, there would need to be a two-thirds vote from the Wizengamot. It's not impossible." "No, but they can drag out a hearing date for months." "They can." Draco chuckled. "But they won't. And if they do, Percy won't be quiet about treason." "There's a fine line to walk when making accusations against the two most powerful people in the government." "Which is why he won't be making the accusations, none of us will." "I don't understand." "Percy will quietly take this through the proper channels, but in exchange for Skeeter spying on Tiberius' private meetings, I promised her an interview on a topic of her choosing. Instead, I'll give her a portion of the evidence to release to the public. It's more interesting than any story she could write about me." "It'll be an enormous story." Rita Skeeter would love it. "That will prompt everyone to move, potentially the Death Eaters." She hadn't thought about it like that. "But HarryÑ" "Will likely send his family to the Burrow for safety reasons, my mother will need to cancel all of her events and remain with my aunt, and weÑ" "Could stay home. Limit our movement." "I can't do magic outside of warded spaces. Greyback is locked on your scent and you can't Apparate for the time being. Our movement is severely limited as it is." There was a hint of brittleness in his voice that spoke loudly of what she already knew. He was tired. Restless. In need of a little normality. Quietly, she could relate. Maybe they could compromise. "We can't use magic if we do this." Hermione had his attention completely. "Nothing that would track us. I doubt Greyback could scent me from far enough away." They could go in the open. A simple luxury they hadn't done for security reasons. They had space at home, but there was nothing like exploring a new city with Scorpius without worrying about who or what was lurking. Time and space to just be. Something they hadn't had much of since the morning under the olive tree. "It's tempting. The chicks. I'm preparing to acclimate them to the coopÑ" "Lovegood. She's already agreed to watch them all." She what? "Wait." Hermione squinted at him. "You've planned this." "Aside from the date we'll leave, yes." Draco leaned closer. "Is that a problem?" "No." She smoothed a wrinkle in her dress. "I'm assuming you've coordinated everything." "That's correct." A hand slipped into hers. "It's a couple of weeks at most, Granger." "Okay." Hermione worried at her bottom lip, growing more and more excited with each passing moment. "Where are we going?" "It's winter." We have a home in Chamonix my mother hates. "France?" "Oui." December 8, 2011 Hermione was an expert at goodbyes, but that didn't make it easier. The early morning parting with her parents in Dean and Daphne's living room was a mixture of emotions. Happiness while taking the first photo of her dad and Scorpius on her new mobile. A sobering emotion while discussing their arrangements with her mother during her dad and Draco's quiet conversation in the kitchen. "Here are your tickets. The number to the Embassy in Suva." Hermione fussed with the stack of papers, lining up the edges in the folder just so. "You have your passports, right?" "We do." She laid out details of their arrangements: money, transportation, the location of the keys to their oceanside rental on DenarauÑall of which had been meticulously arranged in a process filled with arguments. Draco was as extravagant as Hermione was sensible. He didn't blink twice about opulence and because of this, everything required a compromise. It was getting easier. "Safe travels, Mum." Their hug was stiff and awkward, but Hermione wasn't discouraged when she pulled away. Only comforted by the quiet ceasefire, the soft smile she gave to the polite yet distant Scorpius, and the whisper of progress in her farewell to Draco. Her mother shook his hand. Hermione waited until after Draco's farewell handshake with her father to hug him, and held on a little longer after his quiet observation. "Happiness looks good on you." Draco handed each their now-charmed wedding rings, which transformed them into different people once they slipped them on. Daphne and Dean took them to the airport with security, and once they were gone, Hermione felt like a weight had been lifted off her shoulders. It was the best goodbye they'd ever had. Draco returned to work for briefings and meetings and wouldn't be home until later, so Hermione spent the day with Scorpius. They walked around her property until even the warming charms couldn't keep the cold out, then laid in the dormant grass bundled up, pretending as if they were making snow angels. She made hot cocoa while they warmed up, and worked through a few lessons in his workbook before pivoting to sign language practise, which they both agreed was far more fun. Later, after dinner, an enrapt Scorpius sat on the countertop and listened while Hermione told stories about herself and baked biscuits in the shape of stars. As they cooled, he arranged them into the constellations he knew before they ate them together. They let the chicks run all over the conservatory on their last night in the brooder. Tomorrow, they would be assimilated in the coop with the other three. "What are their names?" Hermione asked curiously. Scorpius blushed but pointed to each. "One. Two. Three." "Perfect." "Daddy helped." Of course he did, which was why all the terrarium plants had the same name: Granger. "How can you tell them apart?" Scorpius dimpled and shrugged. He couldn't. It was impossible to keep her grin contained. Bedtime came earlier than expected. A tired Scorpius fell asleep shortly after his bath, but a jingle from the charm she'd set meant he hadn't stayed asleep. Draped in his blanket and alert, Scorpius crawled into her lap and they talked quietly about his dream, though nightmare was a more apt term when thinking back to that day in the park. Eventually, he fell back to sleep with the top of his head just under her chin, and whenever he stirred, she ran her fingers through his soft blond hair as a reminder that he was safe. An hour passed like that as her thoughts returned to an unlikely source. Cormac. The idea of his immunity was disrupting her peace. But Hermione didn't want to disturb the sleeping boy, so with the assistance of a feather-light charm, she put him back to bed and reset the warning charm. Halfway down the steps, she stopped, noticing Draco in the kitchen, his eyebrow rising slowly upon seeing her. "Surprised you're awake." "Just put Scorpius back to bed. A nightmare but he's fine." She approached slowly, only just noticing that Draco had made them both a glass of water. "How was the rest of your day?" "Busy." He took a sip, just enough to wet his mouth. "Greyback tips led to two injured Aurors, and with a full moon on the tenth, I've been arguing with Hestia about their use of non-lethal force if the need arises." "That's always been the law. It's to stop Aurors from killing alleged criminals without provocation." Which was different from a rampaging werewolf. "The law is going to get us all killed. I have half a mind to stop playing by their rules and tell my French team to ask for forgiveness rather than permission." Draco exhaled before carding a hand through his hair. "Also, I just left an impromptu restoration meeting. Percy broke the news and everyone had something to say about it." "Is that what took so long?" "Yes, admittedly, there was a lot to discuss, but everyone is on board. No issues from the usuals. Finding Cormac removed me from their shite list." Draco finished his water and placed his glass in the sink before backing her against the counter, trapping her in place with his hands on either side of her. Glass at her lips, Hermione didn't drink. Only watched. "Something's off." Draco studied her closely. "Did you talk to your parents?" "No. They'll probably land in an hour or two in Los Angeles to change planes." He made a small noise. "And your day?" "Good, overall. IÑ" She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "I really have made peace, but I think I'm still struggling with something. It's justÑScorpius' nightmares and all the long hours everyone is putting in feel like a steep price. And the idea of Cormac getting out of paying for any of that through immunity isÉ hard to swallow." "Hmm." "I understand the greater good, and that we have bigger people to take down, but the idea of him being able to move forward without any consequences isÑa lot of people suffered." "Including you." Forever scarred. Forever reminded. Forever changed. Draco curled his finger under her chin and tilted it up. There was something hard in his eyes. It matched hers. "Immunity doesn't mean absolution." The low thrum of his voice and undercurrent of ferocity sent a shiver down her spine. "There are always consequences, whether you see them or not." "That's just it." The ability to express some of her more honest thoughts with him, however unpleasant, came easier with each passing day. "I'm disgusted and furious. I want to see him pay. IÑ" "And you will." A promise. A guarantee. "Desperation makes people sloppy and prone to mistakes." He pressed his thumb against the side of her neck like before, when there was evidence of how close they'd come to losing everything. How close he had come to losing her. "Had McLaggen trusted me with The Vow, it would have been cleaner, more detailed. But he didn't. He picked who appeared to be the safest option." A dangerous smile played on his lips. "But losing someone in war tends to make people like Percy more vindictive." "What does that mean?" "McLaggen doesn't know how The Vow works or he wouldn't have suggested it. He only asked for immunity in exchange for everything he knew. Knowledge can be manipulated and twisted." Hermione knew that lesson too well. "He didn't specify how we could use what we learned, nor did he include a clause that we had to leave his name out." Which explained why Draco kept quiet during the entire process. He let Cormac create his own loopholes and Percy could have turned them into black holes. "He didn't want to face charges for treason, and he won't. However, with the evidence we've provided for Skeeter to release, even evidence he has provided of his own, Percy wasn't bound to redact McLaggen's name. There is the court of lawÉ" And then there's the court of public opinion. Which was relentless, unforgiving, and had no appeals process. And with the problems of England reaching the eyes and ears of other countries, Cormac had nowhere left to run. Life as he knew it would be over no matter what happened next. It satisfied the fire inside of her. But only just. "Finish your water." There was an edge in his tone. Impossible to ignore, it put Hermione on alert. Without argument, she did as requested. Eyes trained on him all the while, she didn't even look away when she placed the empty glass on the countertop. "Are you tired?" Hermione unhooked his wand holster and let it fall to the floor. "No." Grey eyes dipped to the narrow space between them. "But you're still tense." "I am." "Did you set the charm for Scorpius?" Hermione nodded as he dragged his thumb across her bottom lip once, then again. His breath caught when she snaked her tongue out and licked the pad of his thumb before sucking it into her mouth, teeth lightly scraping as he slowly pulled it out. "I did." Her hands were busy unbuckling his belt, intent on dropping to her knees the second she was finished. Fresh in her mind, the memory of Draco in rare form was hauntingÑloud with his head thrown back, coming in her mouth, grip twisted tight in her hair. It was a scenario she wanted to repeat. But, to her surprise, he had other ideas that left her naked and spread out on the island. Draco wasn't tired. He was hungry. Hands everywhere, stroking and teasing, all she could do was hum in anticipation while Draco kissed a line up her inner thigh. Stomach already clenched, every nerve flooded with sensation, Hermione arched into the hand playing with her nipple and rose up on her elbows. She needed to look, to watch, to touch. All thoughts scattered at the scrape of blunt teeth against her hip. Then he soothed the shock of pain and their eyes connected. "Lie back, Granger." "Is that an order?" "Yes." A defiant moment passed before she laid back again. And his reward was worth her obedience. His first taste was quick, nothing more than a simple swipe of his tongue along the line of her cunt. Then he came back for more. And more. Draco devoured her like she was his favourite meal, shifting her body to the perfect angle and taking his fill. Pleasure left her weightless. Waves of sensation forced her eyes closed and she let herself be swept away by it all. Draco licked and sucked and fucked her cunt with the same tenacity she had for research, taking her with his lips and tongue until Hermione wondered if she could bear it for a second longer. But somehow, through it all, she craved more. Begged for it. Lost in the continuous assault on her body, everything was white noise except the unconscious sounds he made while he ate her cunt with fierce determination. Both hands gripped the island, her thighs shook, and her foot kept slipping until he bent her leg and slipped his tongue in deeper. Hermione howled. The closer she got, the more Hermione squirmed and gasped and quivered, but he held her down with long licks that rolled her head from side to side. The praise slipping from her lips sounded like pleas. Chants, incantations, demands. Rigid with tension, teetering on the brink, just thereÑ Hermione thanked him repeatedly for what was coming just before she did. It stole her breath and set her skin on fire with a pleasure so sharp it bordered on pain. She came down slowly. Boneless. Pliant. She nearly forgot about Draco until she heard the drag of his zipper, which made her sit up and take notice of the state he was in. Urgent. Hermione shoved his hands away from his open trousers, grabbed his tie, and brought his mouth to hers, tasting herself as she kissed him until his shaking hands calmed. Draco dropped his trousers, then his briefs, eyes closing when she took him in hand. He mouthed her neck, panting, "Not like this." She didn't have to ask how he wanted her. Experience was the best teacher. Bent over the countertop, she arched her back and got into a position she knew he liked. Looking back over her shoulder, she smiled. "What are you waiting for?" "Cheeky tonight, aren't we?" The contrast of the cool island on her palms and the warmth of Draco's hands made her tingle. A quick smack on her arse cheek surprised her, though it was nearly forgotten in the frenzy that led to the blunt head of Draco's cock sinking inside her. Both groaned at the angle. The tightness. No more foreplay. Nothing but this. Them. Draco held her in place, soft pants and moans coming from them both as he used her body for both their pleasure. With her eyes closed, Hermione loved the way he felt at her back, breath on her neck, lips ghosting her shoulder. She loved the way he shook when she urged him on and the way she didn't need to look to know he was focused on her. "You feelÑfuck." Like heaven. Like home. Like a high she didn't want to come down from. She never let him finish, clenching around him tight enough to make him shout. Exhaling raggedly between clenched teeth, her heart raced as his hips moved in cadence to the frantic rhythm they set. It felt incredible, like no time had passed before she was teetering on the brink again, unable to hold back. Not when Draco's teeth were on her neck, humming as if lost in a dream. Not when she could feel the power and tremble of each thrust deep in her cunt. Not when Draco froze and swore low and long to keep his composure. But she wanted him to break. Draco pulled out, turned her around and sat her on the edge. He was inside of her again in a flash, holding nothing back. Frantic, sloppy strokes came one after the other as they both raced towards mutual release. Maybe it was the way she made him look at her, with her hand gripping his chin. Maybe it was his quiet praise urging her on, with his forehead pressed against hers. Maybe it was the span of seconds when their lips brushed, trading each inhale for the other's exhale like water straight from an enchanted tap. Whatever it was, when Draco broke, the sound he made shattered her as well. Drained of all energy, he dropped his head onto Hermione's shoulder, panting into her skin as she held on, not trusting herself to move. Warm and loose-limbed, Draco kissed her slowly, drawing out a soft sigh that made him smile against her lips. This was another memory she wouldn't mind repeating. December 9, 2011 Cool sheets drew Hermione from their bed and down the stairs just before four in the morning. She was dressed, not knowing what to expect, and rightly so, because in the kitchen she found an odd sight. Draco and Narcissa. Talking. His mother had been there for a while, given the tea he'd made NarcissaÑand the teacup off to the side. It didn't appear to be hostile territory. Their body language was easy to read: a tempering hand on Draco's arm, a patient expression on Narcissa's face. The depth of eye contact meant she was trying to get him to see her point. But Draco's defensive stance and eye roll, while not dismissive, meant he didn't want to discuss the topic. Their barely audible discussion came to an abrupt end when her foot creaked on the step, forcing her to make a quicker entrance than intended. "Good morning." Hermione ignored Draco's smirk. Surely he found her failed attempt at stealth humorous. "Narcissa, it's been a while since we've had you over." "Time seems to pass quicker these days." She patted her son's arm. "At any rate, my apologies for my absence. I have not felt like myself." Hermione knew. They both read Charles' daily report. Though no longer her Healer, that didn't stop Hermione from caring about her treatment and progress, nor did it stop the Floo calls to an amused Charles, checking on Narcissa's progress each day. Or the calls with Andromeda. Being a caregiver was difficult, especially since they were entering rough waters. Hermione wanted to make sure she was okay, but each time they spoke, there was a calmness in Andromeda. I'm not alone. Still, per the reports, Narcissa's behaviour had gone through wild swings. She'd been furious about having to cancel her Society plans for the coming weeks, due to security concerns, but a Greyback sighting too close for comfort had tempered her fury. Then she forgot about the incident altogether and was angry again. Bouts of uncontrollable sadness, incidents of forgetfulness and confusion, and a three day spell of tremors had kept her from gardening with Neville. It warranted a quick meeting about the potion, and left them agreeing to experiment with an additional muscle relaxing potion. So far, it worked, and that opened the possibility for other tweaks to the experimental potion. Today was obviously a better day, given her perfect appearance in grey robes and curled hair, which directly contrasted Hermione's bedhead. Draco used her appearance to create an exit, apologising with a kiss on Hermione's cheek on his way out to check the house. Or swim. Bastard. "We will continue our conversation, Draco." "I'm certain we will, Mother." He disappeared in a rush of green flames, leaving Hermione alone with Narcissa for the first time since she'd quit her position. The ensuing silence wasn't uncomfortable, but she found herself at a loss for words. "May I braid your hair?" The slow, careful question was just what they needed to break the ice. Up the stairs and through the bedroom, Narcissa ignored all signs of cohabitation. Once seated, she fussed over Hermione's tangles in front of the vanity, and twenty minutes later, she was finished, flexing her hands, a bit pained, but happy with her work, albeit relieved that she could still perform the task. "Your hair is getting longer, Miss Granger." She touched the braid. "I might ask Pansy to cut it back to the original length." "Why?" Narcissa was aghast. "It's much easier to manage, lighter, and healthier. I like it a lot." Draco hadn't said as much, but over the last few weeksÑor monthsÑshe'd picked up subtle hints that he liked it short. It had nothing to do with her final choice, but it was nice to know. "I suppose it suits you." Narcissa said little else before suggesting they garden togetherÑit had been ages since their last time, but she wasn't dressed for the occasion and Hermione's wrist was a bit sore. With the growing suspicion of Narcissa's desire to talk, she suggested a walk through the greenhouse before breakfast instead. The greenhouse's warmth was comfortable, as was the silence as they meandered. Side by side, they wandered through rows of colourful flowers and hardy plants, weaved in and out of the indoor garden with strawberry sprouts and blueberry bushes flowering out of season, around the empty space where the ground was tilled and ready to plant whatever was needed, and made their way to the trees that lined the back. The lemon and mango trees were producing more than they could ever use. Hermione made no mental lists, waiting patiently for a sign the other witch was ready to talk, but the only sounds came from the speakers and soft tap of Narcissa's heels. Much like Draco, she walked with her hands clasped behind her back, but her eyes were everywhere, pensive yet quietly enjoying the sight and scent of life all around them. Narcissa had dedicated hours of her life and time to ensure the survival of the things she saw growing. It was a place she cared for just as much as Hermione did. Only when they circled back to the olive tree did Narcissa step off the path and into the dirt, placing a hand on the gnarled, twisted trunk before looking up. "Planted here, brought out of stasis, and now it is growingÑvisible for all to see. Some may even call it a miracle." "It's fromÑ" "I know. My son is much more like his father than he would ever like to admit. The Malfoy men favour bold gestures over words more often than not. Given as a symbol of Draco's affection, or so I have been told." When she rejoined Hermione on the path, they fell into step together. "Has he defined what courting means? It is more traditional than you would like." "He has, but we're not going about this the traditional way." No announcements in the society papers. No agreements or binding contracts. No dowries. Their order in everything bucked against tradition, but this felt right. "I see." Narcissa was holding her tongue. "There are some aspects that he wishes to preserve, but we haven't had those conversations yet." Hermione's confession loosened some of the tension from Narcissa's shoulders. "He isn't burning tradition away, but he is choosing which he will incorporate going forward." "That is reasonable." Hermione smiled as they continued on. Each step forward brought the true Narcissa Malfoy out of her shell. "I do wonder if I will live to see the olives." Slightly thinner, with a sharper cut to her jawline, she was still the definition of timeless beauty and grace. Her spirit would never become as fragile as her body. "I am not certain I will remember if they do." Hermione didn't know what to say, so she kept quiet and just listened. "Perhaps I should not say what I had in mind when I arrived and not ask for more." She didn't understand, but over the last few months, she'd learned that sometimes it was better to let things go. "I will say that in these last few weeks, even with the Death Eater attacks and how busy he has been, Draco is more content and focused. Happier, too. He is exasperated with me, but it is not out of anger. He smiles." And so did Narcissa, however briefly. "IÑI have not seen him like this in years." But whatever was on her mind made her sombre. "My understanding has come too late, I am afraid." "Why do you say that?" "Each memory outside those captured in the Pensieve will be lost. Andromeda recently told me of Lucius' birthday. I do not remember Scorpius sharing tangerines with me." She sounded hurt, regretful. "He is warming to me yet I do not remember most of our interactions." "But he does," Hermione said with a gentle conviction. At least that made sense of her overall awkwardness with her grandson. "How are things with Draco?" "We are speaking more." Which was progress as far as Hermione was concerned. "I have not had the heart to tell him that my hallucinations have returned. Charles leaves this out of the reports at my request." Narcissa didn't look upset. She actually looked rather content. Then Hermione remembered who she would see. Lucius. Forever at her side. Hermione listened with an open mind, and kept quiet while making mental notes as Narcissa waded through the pools of thoughts she trusted her with. "Lucius talks to me." Her voice was as distant as her blue eyes. "He says nothing is promised, not even tomorrow. If hallucinations are not real, why does he speak the truth?" She took Narcissa's hand. Lacing their fingers together was just enough to bring her from her mind with a sharp gasp. "My apologies." Narcissa pulled her hand away and brought her fingers to the side of her head. "Don't apologise. Walk with me." Hermione led the way down a different aisle where the plants thinned out to empty patches of dirt. Homes for the future. All the way in the back, in its own large space, was not only the growing Apothecary's Rose she'd propagated, but also several other clippings and pots with entire bushes shrunken and lined in a row, all in stasis. There had to be over forty, all different shapes, sizes, and types. Behind them were the replanted trellises from the conservatory Neville had convinced her to move. Narcissa turned to find Hermione standing still a few paces behind. "Oh, I hope you don't mind, Miss Granger. Since you had some extra room, I asked Mr Longbottom to create a new rose garden here." Narcissa said nothing else, only walked the length of the table observing each species he'd taken from the Manor's garden. Roses. Narcissa had once said they were history, tradition, and a universal language, yet Hermione couldn't help but see them as a symbol of progress. Each type and generation was unique. Much like the Malfoys themselves. Whatever she was about to say was halted by the jingle. Narcissa even turned at the sound. Scorpius was out of bed. "Come," Hermione offered. "Stay for breakfast. I'll make you porridge." The offended look on Narcissa's face made her smile at a time long past. She never had quite warmed to the porridge. "Or, if you'd rather, I can make an omelette." "That sounds much more appealing." December 11, 2011 Hermione was drawn from sleep with a touch. The lights were dimmed but there was no mistaking Draco sitting on the edge of the bed. A quick glance out the window told her it was too dark to be any hour close to decent. Yawning and wiping her eyes, Hermione half sat up, squinting at the tired man who was still dressed for his day, right down to the wand holster. "Have you packed for France?" The question woke her fully. "I did it yesterday." Both for Scorpius and herself. Their belongings were in her beaded bag. "What's going on?" "If we leave in an hour, we'll be in Paris by mid-morning." With that, Draco rose and went into the closet, emerging with a bag that appeared already packed. "The driver is ready, security is standing by, and another team will take us to the property in the city, where we'll Floo to the house in Chamonix." "Why now?" "I've just finished the interrogations from the playground attack and completed my report. I've set everything up to begin raids on the hideouts we know of. News is set to break in the morning about the Minister and Tiberius. Your involvement in St Mungo's attack is going to be back to the public's attention in an entirely new light, given the headlines coming out in the next few days. A list of victims and the families of all the attacks over the years will be made public, and Skeeter managed to get an interview with Mathers' family for the front page." She froze. "Shite." A volcano of information was about to erupt and Draco was getting them out of the blast radius. Hermione was out of bed in moments, looking for something to wear. "Arrests warrants?" "Will likely go out soon after. Potter will keep us informed." "Kingsley?" "As ready as he can be. The restoration members will fan the flames by turning over records of Tiberius' attempts to circumvent the rules of government in their departments to the public. Classified information will be redacted, of course. They've been preparing since Percy told them." Hermione let out a low whistle. The attack would be sudden and swift now that their priorities were in order. She dressed in layers and was leaving to do the same for Scorpius when Draco caught her arm. A quick kiss later and he let her go. Scorpius slept through the entire process that ended with them on the way to Paris, in a private train car heavily monitored by the security team, and the little boy only woke when breakfast was delivered. To her surprise, they had options for him, but Scorpius stuck to fruit, eggs, and toast. His routine. When he looked out the window and didn't see nature, Hermione took the lead explaining they were under the English Channel in a tunnel, which didn't interest him in the least. He spent the rest of the trip colouring or peeking at his dad's crossword puzzle. It earned Scorpius a quirked brow from Draco, which made him grin sheepishly. But then Draco let him write the letters in for him, with a hand on his small shoulder, pointing and guiding him through murmured directions. Scorpius beamed at the promise of a book and pen of his own while Hermione bit her nail to hide her smile. A future with both doing crosswords at the breakfast table was something she didn't know she needed. Draco caught her staring. "What?" "Nothing." She stopped holding back her smile and exhaled a sigh, shoulders relaxing every kilometre they put between themselves and London. "You were right. It feels good to get away." When they emerged from the tunnel, it was daylight. Scorpius sat on his father's lap to look out the window at the world passing them by until it lulled him back to sleep. They arrived in Paris, and Draco freely took her hand as they left the train station, flanked on all sides by their security detail. She almost recoiled at the easy display but rememberedÑnobody knew them here. She threaded their fingers together and didn't let go, not even once they were inside the hired car waiting for them. The security team was escorted as well, and it occurred to Hermione just how unusual this all would have felt a year ago. Three sleek black cars waiting at a train station with impeccably dressed drivers waiting on their arrival would have felt like overkill, but now she was grateful for the foresight and coordination. The driverÑa squib who'd met them with a sign with just an M on itÑhad greeted Draco with a nod, but once they were inside, the two started speaking in rapid French for the ride into the city. Scorpius, like the last time he'd been in a car, took advantage of the booster seat to look out the window at the landmarks as they passed, marvelling at each. But this time, Hermione was looking, too. It had been years since she'd last been here. The car slowed to a stop in front of apartments in the heart of Paris. The security team got out first, positioning themselves on either side of the car, and Hermione had to admit their steady presence eased her nerves. Draco made them wait in the car while he activated the wards, bringing the home into view. Not long later, the three of them were standing in the foyer, lights turning on upon their entrance. More familiar with the place, Draco and Scorpius were several paces ahead of Hermione, with a clear direction in mind, but she took her time looking around as she wandered through the space she'd only imagined. It was old, very old, and stale. Empty. Curiously, though, there wasn't a speck of dust in sight. The contrast to their London home was jarring. Used to neutral tones and emptiness, it took a minute to imagine Draco and Scorpius here, where the walls were heavy with history and the ambiance sombre. Little cracks in the walls, chips in the moulding, floorboards that creaked, and hinges that shrieked. The dim lights gave the home a haunted glow that highlighted the antique architecture and paintings on the wall. Hermione passed rooms with covered furniture, what looked like a harp and a piano draped with sheets, and low hanging covers from the ceiling to protect the chandeliers. Large windows were covered with thick fabric to block out the sun. All were measures of preservation, yet she couldn't help but wonder if the intent wasn't also to help forget. Taking the coiled iron stairs with no direction in mind, her steps reverberated in the silence. Upstairs was a reflection of the floor beneath. She looked one way, then the other. Something felt off, but she couldn't quite put her finger on it. A chilling awareness prickled the edges of her senses. Almost by accident, Hermione found Draco and Scorpius in the bedroom at the end of the hall. Most of this room's furniture was covered except the canopy bed beneath two large windows and a sofa against the only bare wall. She knew where she was without being told. Astoria's room. Hermione approached the open double doors rather than retreated. Draco and Scorpius stood together on the terrace, looking out at the gardens below. The little boy's hands and face were pressed against the iron bars while Draco kept a hand on his shoulder, eyes downcast. Winter had stripped the greenery of life from the gardens, but there was still beauty to be found. A few shrubs and bushes decorated the terrace. Carefully kept, they looked unremarkable, except the two pots Scorpius kept peeking at. He was building his nerve. An exchanged look with Draco told her he recognised it as well. Two dormant plants. Alone. A fleur-de-lis and lily-of-the-valley. Finally, he tugged on his dad's hand to get the attention he already had, signing slowly. Can we take them? Symbols from his first home that he wanted to take to his new home. Draco answered before she could with a raised fist. Yes. They had just finished packing them carefully in her bag when a harried, fully-dressed house-elf appeared with a slight pop. "Master Malfoy!" The elf remembered himself then bowed low. His accent was odd. "Speak naturally, Papkey. Informal." "Toutes nos excuses ma”tre, nous ne savions pas que vous veniez!" Hermione knew little French, only able to pick up fragments of an apology. The elf took a breath and appeared ready to continue, maybe even punish himself, but was rendered silent when Draco lifted his hand. "Ne te punis pas." He slipped into the language effortlessly. "Ce n'Žtait pas prŽvu ˆ l'avance." She had the decency not to stare. Mostly. Smooth, deep, and refined, he was far more attractive speaking French than she remembered. Hermione averted her gaze away as Draco continued. It was easier to pay attention to his tone and rhythm rather than pick out the odds and ends of words she barely understood. But then a hand dropped to her back and she felt him step closer in a move that returned her focus to the conversation. The elf was looking at her with an expectant smile. "PrŽsente-toi." Lips ghosted her ear. "Introduce yourself." Instinct made her turn to him, eyes falling to his lips before sneaking back up and meeting his gaze. There were more than questions in them. Intrigue? A quick breath escaped before she smiled at Papkey. "I'm Hermione." She offered her hand. "It's a pleasure to meet you." But the elf only bowed before addressing Draco once again. "Devons-nous l'appeler Ma”tresse?" It was clear his question was about her. "Non." Only then did his hand move. "Pas ˆ l'heure actuelle." Papkey looked so excited Hermione had to ask, "What did you say?" "He wanted to know if you were to be called Mistress." Draco slipped his hands into his pockets. "I told him not at the present moment." What was so exciting about that? Hermione didn't know, nor did she have a chance to inquire before the now exuberant elf launched off in rapid French. She couldn't keep up if she tried. Papkey turned to Scorpius and said something that made the shy little boy smile slowly then nod, leaning on her leg. He understood. She was the only one who didn't. Papkey was momentarily shocked by Scorpius' responsiveness, but it brightened his spirits even more. Then he made dramatic gestures until they started following him on what felt like another tour, only during each stop in each room, the very chatty elf spoke exclusively to Draco. According to Draco, who noted her confusion and began to translate, Papkey had a long list of renovation ideas and work that needed to be doneÑthings that couldn't be repaired by magic. The question that had turned Scorpius bashful had been in relation to his height, and if he wanted to be as tall as his father one day. All in all, the tour took over half an hour, and Scorpius ended up in an antique chair with a very large book in the process. Once Papkey left with a snap of his fingers to alert the elves in the Chamonix house of their impending arrival, Hermione turned to Draco, who pressed a hand against a bare stretch of wall. He pulled it back before balling it into a fist. Hermione caught her second chill since entering the home. "Is that fromÑ" "The room? Yes. It's sealed but I imagine in a year or so I'll need to reinforce the security." "Or"Ñshe placed a hand on his armÑ"we can turn it over to the French Ministry. You don't need the reminder anymore." Her words hung heavy between them. Draco was unreadable, but the tension bled from him through the ensuing silence. "You're right." They continued walking, now arm-in-arm, and the weight Draco had seemed to carry since stepping into the house lightened with each step. Papkey returned in a blur of excited French that Draco responded to patiently before the elf vanished again. "What just happened?" "It seems they're preparing a welcome feast." Hermione made a face. "So, you have a staff of elves at homes you don't live in?" "Are you going to lecture me about your house-elf agenda? What was it called? R-O-U-X?" "Roux is a mixture of flour and fat." Hermione bit her lip. "S-P-E-W is The Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare, and let's not forget that I was instrumental in thÑ" "I'm aware." Draco's smirk was growing to full strength. "You brought England up to the rest of the world's standards. My father never cared to live here because he felt the laws were too lax. He believed he could treat them however he wanted without penalty. I'll admit, I was raised to be no better." She thought of Dobby. "How did that change?" "How else? Astoria." He looked wistful as they continued walking, making their way downstairs. "My mother ignored my father's cruelty, despite never being as terrible. It took a few years, but I learned respect is a higher motivator than fear." That was true. "Had I given notice, Papkey would have had this house prepared, too, but I didn't want that." "Why not?" "We're not staying. It would have been too much trouble." Hermione thought about it longer. "Why not set them free?" "Setting them free for no reason could be considered negligence, as they're dependent on us for their livelihood." Draco was looking ahead, his stride matching hers. "They don't value freedom in the way you think of it. They are servants, yes, but they aren't servile and have been with my family for generations. Occasionally, there is one who is different from the rest. If they request freedom, I grant it." He looked around. "However, Papkey is right." "What?" "I should consider renovating." Draco was trained on a flaw in the wallpaper border, frowning as he touched it. "I could demolish everything, right down to the bones, and rebuild. Perhaps, I could change the layout and modernise. What do you think?" "It's your home." Hermione spotted imperfections in the ornate crown moulding and shrugged. "You're free to do as you wish." "Let's revisit my definition of courting." One outcome. Which meant that one dayÉ "If designing any one of your ancestral homes was left to me, it won't matter that your mother has accepted me, she'll have a conniption fit." Hermione snorted at the thought of Narcissa's judgmental glares, as well as her snide comments. Her disappointment would be palpable. The corner of Draco's lips quirked. "Your ancestors would roll in their graves." "I'm certain they already are." Draco gestured to the empty grand room where Scorpius had abandoned his book and was peeking under the sheet that covered the piano. "I'll admit I'm liberal in some areas of tradition and rigid in others. Make a decision, Granger." Hermione expressed her lack of desire to do so with a glare, but Draco only stared back patiently, leaning against the wall. His eyes travelled from her to Scorpius, whose curiosity he was monitoring silently, ready to intervene if needed. With a sigh, she crossed her arms. "You're not letting this go, are you?" "No." "Fine." Assessing the room, she let her thoughts shuffle quickly before settling on her response. "A modern update would be nice, but not every change could be considered an improvement." "My mother has rubbed off on you." "Not exactly, I just have a better understanding." Draco's stare was endless, as though he could do this for days, weeks, or an eternity. Well, so could she. After dining at a restaurant with a panoramic view of Paris, they spent the day in the city's streets. And though Draco didn't care much for Paris, he indulged both Hermione and Scorpius. All bundled up, and discreetly monitored by the security team, the three of them climbed the stairs of the Arc de Triomphe, warmed up during a movie at La Pagode, and visited a few small museums before wandering through the Christmas Market. By the time they arrived by Floo to the Malfoys' Chamonix home, it was sunset, and a full spread consisting of an array of local dishes had already been prepared by two elvesÑTooky and WomsyÑwho greeted them enthusiastically alongside Papkey. The elf from the city home had decided to spend the visit here with them as well. They didn't get many visits, so they went all out. With Zippy, Hermione found a common ground, but the elves here were different, and it was hard to connect with them when she couldn't even speak their preferred language. A translation charm would be especially useful, but even though the house was warded, using magic in any form was a risk they weren't willing to take with the chaos currently happening back home in London. Draco tried to warn her when her first attempt at helping went awry, but he gave up with a chuckle, kissed her, and carried Scorpius to bed. A half hour later, after making two elves cry and offending all three with her desire to clear the dishes, Hermione had a headache from apologising in broken, simple French phrases, then overexplaining in English before she finally just stopped and let the hysterical house-elves handle everything. The three elves thanked her when she left. Hermione took her time wandering around the home. Compared to the house in Paris, the chalet was larger, something of a sprawling yet secluded cabin. High ceilings, impressive woodwork and architecture, more rooms and bathrooms than needed, yet the kitchen was warm, the library solarium was cosy, and there were balconies off every room that afforded one stunning view of the French Alps after the next. She liked it far better than she had anticipated. Draco found her on the balcony just off their bedroom. Bundled up, she watched the last vestiges of sunset stain the sky amber in the west behind the backdrop of snow-capped mountains. It was beauty beyond description and human control. Hermione was in awe, content watching the stars emerge while breathing in crisp mountain air that smelled of pine and earth. The plume of her exhale was still visible when Draco hugged her from behind. She leaned back against him. "When you said mountains, I expected snow, not more cold." It was freezing, but they'd committed to no magic on this trip, and without a warming charm, she found the chill oddly liberating. Her senses were sharper and more focused. Alert. "Snow falls higher in the mountains. Down here, it's less common." For several minutes, they basked in the silence that rejuvenated her spirit and quieted the static noise and frenetic energy from the last days and weeks and months. "I see why you prefer it here. You might be onto something." How strange was it to miss a place even before she left. "We should visit the town, maybe sightsee, but not tomorrow. We deserve a lazy day." "Et pour le reste de la soirŽe?" Hermione didn't know what he'd asked but the question was low and not at all tentative. Whether she shivered from the cold or him, it didn't matter, she could hear his smile, and though she couldn't see him, all she could imagine was him biting his lower lip to keep his smug huff quiet. "You like that. Interesting." No sense in denying it. "I do." "My offer to teach you is still open." A gloved hand slipped under her shirt. She shut her eyes. "We can start with what you just said." "A bit advanced." His hand ventured higher, exposing her stomach to the elements. "Et pour le reste de la soirŽe means and what about the rest of tonight?" "How about we pause the lesson for tonight. I spied a sauna on my tour that's worth exploring first." Turning in his embrace, she sought out his cold lips, gentle at first, then deeper. "It'll be therapeutic." "And then?" "We'll indulge." December 18, 2011 Days passed slowly, yet a week went by too quickly, blurring like the tops of trees in a snowstorm. Mornings before Scorpius rose were spent by the hearth, and it was a good thing their supply of Floo powder seemed endless. Floo calls from home were frantic with details about the chaos occurring in the Ministry following Rita Skeeter's exposŽs. There were protesters in the Atrium, and the crowd was growing by the day. And not to anyone's surprise, both the Minister and Tiberius wereÑlike GreybackÑin hiding. Harry was confident he'd find them soon. There were status reports and impromptu strategy sessions Hermione listened in on, and sometimes she even made suggestions. Updates from Charles and Andromeda about Narcissa, vaccine briefings from Theo, and check-ins with Ginny to discuss the school visits were fairly regular. Every few days Susan touched base about her therapy exercises, Padma wanted to talk about anything other than the wedding, Pansy wanted to gossip, and Luna was all too excited to deliver news of how the chicks were acclimating to the coop. "They're a family now." But after breakfast, they put everything away, closed the Floo, and spent the days together. They took Scorpius to Parc de Merlet to leisurely hike through the park and to the ice caves where pieces of history were etched for all to see. He'd been more interested in the animals they happened upon and paid attention through the guide's talks on conservation. Hermione picked up bits of everything through Draco's translations. She was learning the language through experience rather than books. Which was, in and of itself, an experienceÑ an experiment. They dined in town each day, and Scorpius enjoyed the assortment of cheeses his dad could not tolerate. Her sympathy pats on the shoulder were met with scowls, which made them both laugh. Scorpius had no interest in skiing, but when they passed a children's climbing class on their third day, they ended up detouring after he asked if they could go inside. Hermione got a chance to watch Draco look on proudly during his son's first lesson. And the next day during his second. Then his third. The Healer in Hermione cringed at how quickly Scorpius had taken to the sport. How much he loved it. She saw falls and scrapes, cuts and broken limbs, but looking a little closer, she saw the reason Draco went about purchasing child-sized harnesses, gear, and seemed to consider logistics in creating a practice wall at homeÉ A happy boy. An independent boy. And, like Draco, she would indulge anything that made his face light up the way climbing did when he grabbed his first few handholds and turned his head back to make sure they were watching. There was no fear in sight. Each night, they ate dinner made by the elves at the chalet, and after, Draco began teaching Scorpius wizard's chess while Hermione lounged, read, and pretended to watch with interest she didn't have. "Show me the most important piece." Scorpius chose the king. "That's correct. Now, show me the weakest." He picked up the pawn. "Now, here's your next lesson." Draco accepted the piece from his son, who hung on his every word. "Don't ignore the pawn." "Why not?" Hermione asked. She'd been pretending to read Percy's update, but the sight of Scorpius standing between his father's legs, learning a game they would play together stole her attention. She couldn't help but watch. "I didn't think you cared for chess, Granger." "I'm terrible at it. Never bothered to learn. When I play, I sacrifice all my pawns immediately. I figured it was the right thing to do." "And that's why you lose." Draco's eyes rose to hers, a flare of unmistakable heat, before returning to Scorpius. "Pawns form an army and their strength is in numbers. All the other pieces have their roles from the start, but the pawn is the only one that can promote into anything you want it to be." He picked up another piece. "Even a queen." Other times, he painted or wrote notes back and forth to Albus. Scorpius giggled and brought the parchment over to Draco who looked long-suffering. On the parchment, in Al's messy handwriting, were three words: Hi Uncle Draco! To Narcissa's surprise, Draco called her through the Floo each night, and talked to both his aunt and mother at length. "Any incidents around the house?" "None, but enough about that." Andromeda paused. "How are your mountains?" "Quiet." Just what they needed. "IÑthe Paris house, I'm thinking of restoring it." "I thought you would surely rip out the history." Narcissa sounded dry as usual. "I've been convinced otherwise." "That's intriguing." His mother was quiet for several moments. "Is Miss Granger loitering about?" "Yes." Only then did Draco cut his eyes to her in the doorway. "She may as well join us then." Today, they decided to use the fireplace for the first time outside of communication. The temperature was forecasted to dip low that night. It was going to snow, and there were fingerprints on the glass from Scorpius alternating between painting and watching the sky for signs. She and Draco were on the sofa. Fresh from their debate on a topic she could hardly remember, Hermione leaned against him, sneaking glances at the book he was reading. His arm was around her, and her hand was curled in his as French music poured from the Wireless, something pleasant and slow, but she was hardly paying attention, too busy looking at the schedule for Healer Academy. "I could start in March or September. Both give me plenty of time to relax and reorient." Draco closed his book. "Do you want my opinion?" "Yes." "March." "Oh?" She hadn't expected that. "You'll be bored by September." "No, IÑ" Hermione stopped when he gave her a long look. "Nine and a half months is a long time." Especially given six months of courses plus another year of apprenticeship she'd likely be doing in tandem with her new position. "You're already bored and it's only been a month." "I'm not bored. I'm justÉ used to being busier." "Bored." Hermione worried her lip with her teeth. "Okay fine, maybe I'm a little bored. I've made a list of tasks to complete before I start school. Organising the stores, gathering ingredients, cleaning the cauldrons, and a fewÑor a dozen other things, too. I also might have asked Padma to order the required reading for my first set of courses." Draco just blinked at her. "I do realise how mad I sound." "You said it, Granger. Not me." "I could cut my list in half." Hermione frowned. "Save the other half for after the first term maybe?" "Or I couldÉ" Draco's attention shifted. Scorpius was approaching. After sitting up and curling her feet at her side, she welcomed the little boy holding a canvas of his artwork carefully facing himself but not close enough to smudge the paint. "All finished? Can we see?" Draco put his glasses on just in time for Scorpius to turn around the canvas. A familiar blush began to spread. There were at least twenty stick figures, all drawn with black paint, and the only thing distinguishing them were hair colours. A few reds. Blonds. Blacks. Browns. One turquoise that made Hermione instantly grin. "Is this everyone?" "Family," he whispered, shuffling from foot to foot until Draco gestured for him to come closer. He did so obediently and offered his father the canvas. She and Draco held one side of it in each hand, looking at it together. Hermione recognised herself and Draco. They were in the centre on either side of what appeared to be Scorpius. Identifying everyone was simple, but there were a few things she didn't understand. "The sun is smiling?" Mummy, he signed slowly. Oh. Hermione blinked but shielded her surprise. "She's happy?" Scorpius nodded, completely sure of himself. A look passed between her and Draco. There were no words, nor were there any when she noticed next to her was someone with brown hair. "Is that Halia?" Scorpius shook his head, pointing to the dark haired stick figure next to Dean and Daphne. Ah. "ThenÑ" Brother, he signed with a small, pleased look. "Whose?" Hermione asked slowly. He pointed to himself. Mine. Next to her, Draco's eyes went wide, then he coughed, choking on air. She was in a similar state of shock, but managed to keep a straight face for the innocent-eyed Scorpius. "I love it." For the next hour, they went through his bedtime routine and talked about their plans to visit the pet shop in the town. Draco read from their latest book until his son dropped off. Hermione tucked him in, turned on the projector, and left the sleeping boy to his dreams. They ended up in the cellar, picking from the old bottles of rare wine before returning to the solarium, now in front of the fireplace on blankets. Hermione had her first glass of wine in months and it was lovely. Local chardonnay. She was surprised when Draco poured himself a glass, too. "You don't like wine." "I don't, but we have no whisky here." He wanted to talk. "Is this about what Scorpius said?" "Yes." Draco swirled the contents of the glass around before taking his first sip. "It made me realise we probably should have hadthis discussion sooner rather than later. I know it's been a month, butÉ" For all the push and pull and internal debates, even with their squabbles, this had been far easier than anticipated. "What are you thinking?" Draco's question was quiet. Uncertain. "I haven't really thought about it. But perhaps it's one of those topics we should visit to set expectations. Do you even want more children?" "I'm still figuring things out with Scorpius. We're better, but I have a lot to make up for." Which was incredibly valid. "I never considered the possibility because there wasn't one." But nowÉ. "Astoria's pregnancy wasÉ" He tried to find the words to express what Hermione already knew, but ended up running a hand through his hair. "Difficult isn't the word to describe it. It was a special circumstance, I'm fully aware each is different. Daphne's was a lesson in this, but the thought of reliving it in any capacityÑ" "Would bring back bad memories. I understand." The ensuing beats of silence were confirmation. "What do you want?" Draco asked in the stillness. "I'm happy with whatever we decide." She had something that was all hers. This was what she wanted, what she was content with. "You never answered my question." He sounded too careful, face evening into something perfectly blank. "Do you want children?" "IÉ" "Don't overthink it." "Okay." She tried not to by pushing past her racing thoughts and tightening her grip on him. "Knowing Scorpius doesn't object is a comfort, but I meant what I said." Hermione flashed him a smile, tucking her hair behind her ear. "I never imagined I'd feel this way, like we're a family, but I do and we are. Would I like to expand? IÑwell yes." Hermione met his gaze, pulse racing as the gravity of her words sank into the space between them. "I said I was all in, and I mean that, but only if you want it, and when you're ready. If we stayed three, I would be happy. And I'd be happy with more, too. IÑ" Draco framed her face with his hands, the move stopping her before she could ramble on. Then his head dipped and whispered his thanks against her lips. Quick but tender. Their eyes locked for one electric yet profound moment before he kissed her again in a rush, catching her mouth open in shock and filling it. They stayed like that for what felt like a million moments strung together through touches. Basking in the feeling of permanence, the barest hint of smiles were exchanged through curved lips that disrupted the drugging kisses. Only when the fire began to die did she pull back and murmur, "There is something else we should discuss." "Hmm." "We should have had this talk first, but since we're thinking about everything, maybe now is the time." She instantly had Draco's attention. "Your mother." "What about her?" Recognition bloomed on his face as he sat back. "Did she say something to you?" "She wouldn't go into it, but I can tell she'sÑ" "Let me guess. She fears that she will be too far advanced or even completely gone to have any memories when we decide to make things official?" Draco shook his head at her wide-eyed expression, a smirk on his lips. "She had that talk with me before we left. My mother is meddling, and she's exceptionally good at twisting things to suit her wishes." "She is. I'm not blind." She cupped his jaw. "But she's not wrong." A hint of shock muted his amusement and he sat up straighter. "Are you proposÑ" "No. I'mÑno. Nonono." The denial tumbled out in a rush. She winced. "Well, actually. Maybe? Kind of. Yes. Wait, I mean later. Just to ease your mother's mind." To avoid the incredulous look Draco was giving her, Hermione covered her face, warmed from embarrassment. "Does that make sense? This sounded better in my head." "Hmm." Draco's response to her ramblings was lacklustre at best. She tried again. Slower this time. "Her meddling is a manifestation of her very real fears that we have the power to assuage. I think something like a ceremony would comfort her. To your mother, marriage is permanence and security. When I first met with her about her condition, all she wantedto do was ensure you both would be taken care of after she was gone." Draco only blinked. His continued silence urged her on. Her heart was racing but she couldn't stop. "Don't you see? She devoted her life to family. We can give her the gift of knowing her family is secure even if she can't remember it. It doesn't even have to be real, it just has to look real for her memories." Draco was now frowning, deep in thought, and just when Hermione thought he would dismiss her ramblings, six words took her breath away. "I'd want it to be real." December 19, 2011 Hermione woke up just as she had fallen asleep: looking at Draco. She couldn't stop. Last night, they made love to the soft tune of falling snow. When she came, she kept her eyes open, watching him reach oblivion with her. Something silent passed between them she would never forget. They spent the next hours wrapped in blankets on the small sofa in their room, turned towards the doors to the terrace, and what felt like hours passed as they talked while snow fell in waves of white beyond the glass panes. At least, he talked. She watched. And listened. This morning, she was back at it, stealing glances across the table while Scorpius happily munched on breakfast, which greatly pleased the elves. It was hard to put her feelings into words but it felt like the equivalent of clarity. His comment made all the sense in the world. Still, she was stunned. Not by the sentiment, by his certainty. But also by hers. It was surprising. If it's not real or genuine, I don't want it. Those words now held new meaning. Hermione had spent months slogging through each phase leading up to her letting go. She had assumed she would do the same going forward, but no. She wasn't thinking of a perfect day or every girl's dream, but she was thinking of the differences in loving someone and wanting to spend her life with themÑand realising she'd quietly transitioned from one phase to another. And now it was beginning to manifest. Scorpius excused himself to put on his boots. They were going to let him play in the snow he'd marvelled at all morning from the window. Just before Scorpius left the room, Draco went to sign Tomorrow, but the little boy covered his father's hand with his own. A moment passed between them. One that spoke loudly, long after Scorpius left with a smile. The reassurance, the need for security that his dad would be there had birthed the daily habit. But it was no longer needed. Scorpius knew. But more than that, he trusted. Draco's eyes remained in the direction his son had disappeared, face softening with each passing second. A little blond head peeked from around the corner again, playful and shyly smiling, and Draco gave him the universal sign to hurry on. When he was gone again, he looked at his hands, a slow smile growing where shock had just been. I'd prefer his trust over his voice. "Are you okay?" "Yes." Draco met her gaze. He meant it. "Are you?" "Why do you ask?" "You've been staring at me all morning." He rubbed the back of his neck. "If it's about what I said, we can forget it. It's too soon to even consider the thought." "No, that isn't it. I'mÑfine. Surprisingly so." Hermione looked around. "You know, I'm happy we got away, even for a little while. I just can't stop thinking about everything else going on back home." She got up and was halfway past him when he pulled her into his lap. They held onto each other for a few silent moments. "Any more news? I missed the Floo call circus." He'd let her sleep in before coming back to wake her up. "First raid was a success. Greyback was sighted in the Forest of Dean and there's a team out there trying to track him down, figure out where he's going, where he's hiding. The media is still in a frenzy, stories are coming out, complaints are being filed. The protests are growing. Aurors have several units in pursuit of both Tiberius and the Minister. Percy has gotten both of Tiberius' vaults frozen and under Ministry control, including access to his records, which apparently contain more evidence of his crimes." The writing was on the wall. Tiberius had to know his kingdom was crumbling. Just like she knew that the power vacuum they wanted to avoid was likely inevitable. "Have you spoken to Kingsley?" "Percy has. He's building a team of trusted individuals from Percy's office that can be spared, but we'll talk more on that later. I know we can't stay much longer." Draco wrapped both arms around her and she leaned her temple against his forehead. "When we return, when I'm not around, wherever he goes, wherever you go, securityÑ" "I know," she whispered, closing her eyes. "I fought the issue for a long time, but I understand." "It's not about being capable. It's about unnecessary risks and avoiding them at all costs." "I agree. I could say the same to you, too." "I plan on only using magic in warded spaces, and I need you to not let Greyback catch your scent. Which means you need to limit where you go as often as possible. At least for a little while until we're ready. I have an idea, but I'll need a little time." Hermione perked in curiosity, but he didn't seem ready to discuss it yet. Draco sighed. "We can't fight a three-front war at the same time." "No, we can't." She pulled back and looked at him. "I'm not fighting you on this or keeping security close. I said I agreed." "Still shocking." Hermione slapped his arm and got up, but not before kissing him. "I want to hear about your idea when you're ready. Greyback can't stay in nature for much longer." Scorpius reappeared, ending the conversation, and after getting bundled up along with him, they ventured out into the snow. Hermione didn't know what to expect. From the bottom step, they watched him track in calf-high snow like a baby woodland creature, stopping every so often to scoop up a handful, drop it, then repeat the action again. "How long do you think he'll do this?" Draco folded his arms, head tilted in confusion. It had been ten minutes already. "No idea." Hermione picked up a pile of snow off the railing and formed it into a ball before throwing it at the unsuspecting boy. It missed, soaring right past his head, but it did as intended and got his attention. His smile followed. And seconds later, a poorly shaped snowball was sailing in her direction in retaliation. It hit Draco square in the chest. They all stopped, looked at the white snow on his black coat, then Scorpius stepped behind the little tree. No more than a few seconds passed before he peeked out, not with a nervous look, but with a mischievous growing smile that turned into a shriek when Draco picked up a handful of snow, made a ball, and launched it at his son. Scorpius ducked. And the snowball fight began. Not that it lasted long. Scorpius' allegiance changed depending on the adult's level of success and aimÑstrategic, reallyÑbut the activity left them all sprawled in the snow breathing heavily. Tired but hoarse from laughter. Hermione hadn't had so much fun in longer than she could remember. Neither had Draco, judging from the flush staining his cheeks and the ease of his laughter. Scorpius was between them, soaked in happiness and speckled with snow. It felt good. Right. An hour later, they were warm, changed, and making their way into town for a promised trip to the Menagerie. It was nearly empty with a few people milling about. The owner was a middle-aged woman who, thankfully, spoke English and was instantly enamoured with Scorpius as he explored with his eyes rather than his hands. He stuck close to Draco's side, only letting go once when they got to the puppies. They were younger than any dogs Hermione had ever seen being soldÑa month old at most. Most were up, making small yipping noises as they explored their blankets warmed by heating lamps. The owner explained that her son's dog had a litter that the mother rejected, so she was helping care for them until they were old enough to sell. "What kind of dogs are they?" Draco asked. "Pyrenean Mountain Dogs." It was then they noticed Scorpius' attention had led him from focusing on the group of puppies climbing all over each other to one that wasn't moving much, tucked under the blankets. Scorpius stared for so long the owner let him touch the puppy, while explaining the hardships the smallest of the litter had already gone through. When blue eyes turned to them, Hermione knew. Still, she tried to mitigate any potential disappointment. "Oh, love. I don't think they're for sale." "I wouldn't mind selling you one." Scorpius' face lit up and he turned pleading eyes on Draco. Oh, boy. "Why don't you choose from the others?" the owner said with a warm look. "This one is the smallest, the runt, and he'll never be as big or as strong as his brothers and sisters. You wouldn't want that now would you?" They had a dozen reasons at home that said otherwise. Some had spines, some had feathers, but all of them, despite the odds, were alive and so very loved. He absolutely would. Draco stepped back when he realised they were both staring at him expectantly. "No." "Draco." "Granger." His mocking tone almost made her laugh. Hermione turned to the owner and smiled. "Is it okay if he holds the puppy while we talk?" "Of course." She dragged Draco out of Scorpius' earshot, watching as he nervously petted the head of the puppy wrapped in a blanket in the owner's arms. He was so careful with it, just like with everything else. The owner spoke to him gently, and the little boy hung on each word, nodding with understanding. "This is a terrible idea." Draco broke the silence. "You already said no to a penance pet." "I did." But Hermione had a similar love for what looked like lost causes. "I know I did." They swivelled back to Scorpius, who was being handed the puppy that didn't even squirm. Hermione melted. "You have three new chickens." "I do, and they are acclimating so well to the coop." She waved him off. "We'll make sure he doesn't eat them." "He's the runt of the litter. You heard the owner, he barely survived fading puppy syndrome," Draco reminded her with a frown. "I'd be more inclined to purchase a healthier puppy." "But that's the one your son wants." And, more than anything, Hermione knew his attachment to struggling things. Things on the brink of being discarded. Given up on. Ignored. "He's weak and barely surviving." Draco took a deep breath, eyes on Scorpius, who was growing more and more attached by the second. "What if the dog doesn't live? It'll be another thing he loses." "I understand your concern, but ask yourself this: what if he does?" The owner parted with the puppy free of charge. But, truth be told, they probably spent four times the purchase price of any other pet in accessories. After a talk with Scorpius about responsibility, they left with an army of necessary items to care for the dog, plus strict feeding instructions for the formula. The rest of their plans were cancelled in favour of spending the day acclimating to the unplanned addition to their little family. Hermione read the guides and handled the first few feedings while Scorpius sat next to her, observing everything. Draco read the pamphlets, books, and manuals cover to coverÑtwice. Everyone arranged themselves on a mountain of blankets in front of the fireplace in the solarium with Scorpius between them, carefully petting the puppy in the middle while whispering a name. The one he insisted on. "Albus." While Hermione found Scorpius' proclivity for naming significant things after moments and people adorable, Draco appeared ready to hurl himself off the highest peak in response. He didn't discourage his son's decision, but he did ask, "Are you sure that's the name you want for him?" He nodded. "Can we call him A for short?" Hermione suggested. Scorpius thought on it before agreeing. The conversation might have gone on, but the flames in the fireplace changed from orange to green before Harry's face appeared. "Sorry to interrupt, but I have an update. We have them both in custody." Draco and Hermione exchanged looks. Apparently, it was time to go home. There is nothing so stable as change. Bob Dylan Chapter End Notes A/N: Thank you all for the love on the previous chapter and welcome to the chapter where these two get a moment to breathe. Finally. I'm in the final leg of writing, and editing has been time consuming as I focus more on giving this story the proper finish it deserves rather than breaking my neck to meet an update schedule. I can't believe after starting this story in June 2020 (writing, at least), I'm 550k words later and on chapter 40 of a grand total of 42 in writing. Been a journey creating my vision for the story that's lived in my head for years. Thank you to Marion who helped with the French translations this chapter, after I spent literal months making her sad/angry by telling her it wasn't happening due to my desire to avoid the Fact Checking Police. Art for this chapter: Hermione & Draco in the Kitchen by Oukyn Chapter 39:RippleEffect Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Thirty Nine Ripple Effect December 21, 2011 The crowd was alive. Dense and restless, it buzzed with energy, strengthening like a living entity starving for information. It fanned out in every direction, and murmurs mixed with shuffling steps that echoed through the Atrium. Day three of the Ministry shutdown started much like the first two. The Atrium was filled to capacity with citizens and employees alike; so many were disillusioned to the point of activism by the Wizengamot's silence. Within the Ministry's ranks, concerns rose while stagnation threatened every process and procedure. There was no official direction regarding media response to the outcry. Interdepartmental memos flew through crowded corridors, landing on teetering stacks that grew higher with each passing day. Everything from Portkey applications to Ministry grants to payroll hung in the balance of uncertainty. Each day, Kingsley stood in front of the window of the secret office overlooking the Atrium. A picture of regal grace, he was contemplative and calm. On the first day, he'd arrived in beekeeping gear during the initial hour of the chaotic shutdown. Greeted by a room swarming with panicked restoration members and other leaders, he was in his element. Bees were like people. And like any good keeper, Kingsley knew he had no power over a hive. He was there to facilitate, and help bring together the parts for the good of the whole. Under his guidance, Harry and Hestia protected the protestors by stationing Aurors in the Atrium. The larger the crowd, the easier it was to manipulate. And because secretaries knew everything, Kingsley tapped Deloris and her network to relay messages. The Ministry's cafeteria was instructed to feed the employees as well as the protestors. There would be no penalties for those who left their desks to join the protests, and only added incentives for those who remained by their stations. When others began to question him, one statement silenced the room. "As the voices of the unheard, protestors are just as vital as everyone here." That was the end of the discussion. But it triggered a thought. Kingsley consulted the lone member of the Wizengamot Administration Services who hadn't abandoned his postÑa secretary named Adam followed Kingsley's instructions to the letter. He'd tapped Draco to assist Percy's legal team while Percy was occupied in closed-door sessions with the Wizengamot and other core department heads, imploring them to do something to assuage the growing crowd. Percy was attempting to appeal to them through official channels, stating his case that it was their duty as the presiding oligarchy to allow both Tiberius and the ousted Minister to be brought before the Council of Magical Law, which meant a new Interim Minister needed to be appointedÑand soon. Kingsley had been named early in the shutdown as a nominee for the position. Thanks to one of the translated laws Draco had previously set aside, due to its lack of prior relevance, they'd learned that should the incumbent be forcibly removed from office, the seven department heads could appoint an Interim Minister to hold office until the next election. All the Wizengamot had to do was allow the matter to be heard, but they couldn't even come to an agreement as to who to appoint as the new Chief Warlock. Hermione felt purposeless in the centre of the firestorm, yet Kingsley insisted her presence was vital. Two Task Force members posing as protestors had flanked Hermione on either side as she'd walked the crowds disguised as Parvati earlier that day. She'd talked with a protesterÑthe shopkeeper who had lodged the first complaint against TiberiusÑand listened to those who spoke freely to a journalist about not having any hope of improvement until the news broke about the Death Eaters' involvement with Tiberius and the Minister. And now that hope was in limbo. Safely inside the room that had turned into Kingsley's headquarters, Hermione made tea and gave her opinion when asked, but there was a growing inkling that her presence held a deeper purpose she wasn't yet aware of. Still, Hermione remained, observed, and spoke all while a growing idea too radical for words sprouted and rooted deeper by the hour. Draco only chuckled when she first vocalised her idea. They'd finally gotten a moment alone after arriving back in London, delivering Scorpius to Daphne, and parting ways upon their arrival at the Ministry. "Radical, says the person who threatened the Wizengamot in pyjamas." A throat clearing dragged Hermione from her musing. "Join me." Kingsley didn't look away from the window in front of him. A moment of silence passed as Hermione moved to stand beside him. "Like the crowd, your thoughts grow louder by the day." "So do yours." She sighed. "The stories I'm hearing from the protestors are disturbing. There's knowing about the pieces of corruption, and then there's hearing about it directly from the victims." "That Tiberius was allowed to go so far shows that the Ministry is more broken than I realised." Kingsley's sidelong glance was steeped in disappointment. "They are in shackles, but there is still so much fear and uncertainty." "There is something to be said for strength in numbers." Hermione laced her fingers together. "I've learned from our talks that fear is deceptive." It could turn rational people into fools, transform a crisis into a catastrophe, and create favourable conditions to grow and spread. No one was immune. "We have a government who rules with fear but refuses to govern, leaders stuck in a preservation mindset and too afraid to lead, and a public who has been ignored for so long they're now yelling." Kingsley's eyes swept the Atrium. "It's madness. The system was broken long before both wars, but now the chasm between the Ministry and the people is vast and wide. The distrust continues to grow by the minute. Change isn't just needed, it is vital to the survival of this institution. The entire apple may not be spoiled yet, but the parts worth saving are nearly indistinguishable." "I wouldn't say that." Hermione shifted on her heels. "Save the heart of what the Ministry stands on and who it was built for: the magical community. We can fight for the fair treatment of all. The rest, I can't answer. You and I both know we are more idealistic than we care to admit, and far more so than most." "You're right. And yet, these are questions I ask myself." Kingsley exhaled and rolled his shoulders. "The Ministry has always been run with a firm hand, and it is important to instil a semblance of control and competence early on. There is nothing wrong with strong leadership, but there is something wrong with a lack of transparency and accountability when cracks in the walls are inevitably exposed. I wonder where the balance will be between the current system and a more idealistic vision." "It'll be up to you to answer that and set the Ministry's course to the future. You've opened my eyes to the need for preservation within reason before. There can still be room for growth and change without upending everything, it's about finding the right balance." Hermione absently fixed the cuff of her white blouse. "But it's not a quick task, nor is it suited for just one person." "No, it's not. It will all take some time." Kingsley made a small noise. "Balance is also one of the reasons I've asked you to come here each day." "Oh?" "Percy and the core department heads have agreed that today will be the Wizengamot's final chance to do the right thing, which is why the private session was called so early in the day. They have no intention of letting another day pass without an answer." Hermione stopped. "Do you know what they have planned?" "After the private session concludes, there is a public hearing, during which they plan to force the Wizengamot's hand by exposing the behaviours of the other members in the room. My fear is this will only create more distrust, and ultimately, more inaction." He was right, of course. Hermione only knew a fraction of what had been uncovered from Cormac and the things they allowed to happen under their watch. "I would prefer a softer touch," Kingsley said. "I have a few ideas of my own, but you seem to have one, too. As someone who has spoken to the protestors, I'd like to hear yours." "I just thinkÑ" Hermione bit her thumbnail while collecting her thoughts. "We are all pawns." "True statement." "Draco's been teaching Scorpius chess, and more than once he's told him not to ignore the pawns. I think we've all been doing just that. We know the power held in numbers, why haven't we been using it?" Kingsley looked intrigued. "I think the mistake is in their attempts to reason with the unreasonable." Hermione scanned the masses that appeared so small from where she stood. "In all of this slow-paced bureaucracy with laws and petitions, we're missing the human element. It seems silly when that's what we're here for." "How quickly do you think you can work?" "An hour. But I'll need Parvati and two Task Force members." Per her agreement with Draco about security going everywhere she went. "No Polyjuice this time?" "No." Hermione bit back a smile. "I'll greet them as myself." The only person thriving in the midst of the Wizengamot's inaction was a smug Tiberius. Guarded and bound in yet another hearing that was predestined to end in an impasse, he casually listened to the Law Offices' representative as he detailed the request for a speedy and public trial for both the Minister and Tiberius. The corrupt bastard looked as though he'd already won. Each Wizengamot member seemed to ignore his presence by avoiding looking in his direction, though Hermione suspected it wasn't out of strengthÑit was likely out of fear. Hermione sat in the back and observed, as was her right as a victim. A call before the start brought Padma to her spot between Hermione and Parvati. The vote they returned at the end was the same as it had been for the past two days. "We will not press for a quick trial," a spokesperson announced. Everyone in attendanceÑheads of departments and offices alikeÑrumbled, but in the midst of their discontentment, Percy turned to her. Hermione gave him a nod to proceed. "If I may, I'd like to make a statement for you all to give some thought in the coming days." The room fell silent as Percy stood. "You are only making matters worseÑ" "Mr Weasley," one of the Wizengamot members said. "The decision has been made and this meeting is adjourned." A gavel rang out as the group began to rise, but Percy cleared his throat. "I suppose one hearing is over, but there is another on the agenda. One scheduled by me." As the group curiously looked around, then at their schedulers, they slowly returned to their chairs, giving the only man standing varying looks of confusion. Percy paid them no mind, glancing at the parchment in his hand quickly before placing it back down. He needed a little time. "If I may proceed, Tiberius and the Minister may stay." Both men looked at their advocates, but only received shrugs in response. Hermione exchanged looks with Padma, who then glanced past her at Parvati. The latter sat back in her seat and crossed her legs with a conspiratorial smirk. "I could give a speech." Percy took his time looking around at the crowd. "I could call for action and make demands, but people have tried. I am not so inclined to waste my breath on anyone willing to punish themselves in the name of fear and self-preservation." "As an employee of the Ministry, Mr WeasleyÑ" "I'm not standing before you as an employee. Not right now, at least." Percy paused, and silence settled heavily in the room. "Right now, I'm here as a messenger from you to the people you need to speak with but have no way of reaching. I intend to address them the moment I walk out of here. All you have to do is tell me what you want to tell them." No one said a thing. But once again looks were being exchanged as Percy left behind his papers and walked in front of the seated thirty-nine. "This is a public matter, no matter your wishes to keep it private. Your collective refusal to address those who wait in the Atrium of the Ministry dedicated to serve the public you're supposed to be leading is abhorrent. You can order me not to speak, but you can't actually stop me." The snap of Percy's shoes was the only break in the tense silence. "What should I tell them about the reason behind your decision to do nothing? What should I tell the victims? Their families? Their friends? Should I speak of what I know, what I've investigated, and what I can prove?" Whispers filled the air. Pages rustled as they turned. Chairs scraped against the floor. "We-We could terminate you for insubordination," one of the members squeaked. Tiberius' smile grew slowly, his arrogance wouldn't keep him silent a moment longer. "Mr Weasley would neverÑ" Wisely, his advocate nudged him. "You could, but there's one problem." Percy stood straighter. "You have no grounds nor any proof. What authority will I be defying by speaking freely during a public meeting on a public matter?" Hermione calmly pulled out her wand. Another member of the Wizengamot stood. "As we have ruledÑ" "Your belief that you answer to no one is not only incorrect, it is also damaging. Whether you delay it a week or a month, eventually we will all answer to the people. Even you, Tiberius. Cowardice will spare no one." Percy stopped and eyed them. "What does he have on you all, I wonder." They knew. "Mr Weasley, this is a sham of a hearing. Shall we conclude for the day since there is no substantial basis for this meeting?" the advocate for Tiberius said from his seat beside his shackled client. "However rousing, the Wizengamot already decided not to initiate a vote prior to your little show. I am certain that you will request another hearing tomorrow, where we will start this frivolous cycle once again." "If we must," Percy said. "But I should warn you, I am prepared to book this room every day until they do their jobs." Harry slipped in and took a seat next to Padma. "Are there any other comments before this meeting is adjourned?" Nothing was said. "This is absolutely ridiculous." Hermione's voice pierced the silence. "I wouldn't believe it if I weren't witnessing it myself." "Miss GraÑ" "The fact is you all are protecting a man who turned the other way when ten of your peers were executed." Hermione rose to her feet. "He worked with Death Eaters for his personal gain, used his position and his own nephew to manipulate the system and fill his vault with Galleons. He poisoned the halls with his tyranny and corruption. Even to this day, Tiberius is prepared to stay silent and unapologetically bring you all down with him rather than face the consequences of his own actions. Yet you're too stubborn and afraid to seeÑ" "Miss Granger," Tiberius' advocate interrupted. "This isn't a trial." "I'm aware." Hermione folded her arms and huffed. "I won't say another word. Percy didn't schedule this meeting for himself, he scheduled it to allow the people to be heard for once." The doors opened and a flood of protestors from the Atrium filed in, all with visitors' badges, despite the Wizengamot members' protests. They packed the room before anyone could stop them. There were more beyond the doors, waiting their turn. Them. The people. "Before you listen to what they have to say, I want to give you one last opportunity to speak." Percy gestured for the Wizengamot to address the crowd before returning to his seat. "Tell them what you plan to do to make their lives better and right their wrongs and why you're concluding today's session like the first threeÑwithout doing anything at all." There was a shift in the air. Hermione looked over at Percy in the tense silence. As expected, it didn't seem they were willing to share. When he nodded, she took a deep breath and started. "The last time I was in this room, I told you all that you were responsible for the last thirteen years of governmental failures and the suffering it's led to," Hermione said. "Now is your time to answer to the people you swore to serve, but more than thatÑnow is the time for you to answer to yourself. I think it would be best if you did that by listening to everyone here today, because your silence thus far speaks volumes." One voice amplified. One story. Each brave person stepped forward to air their losses and grievances, not only with Tiberius but with other things that had failed to be delivered. Subsects of people that had been ignored since the war spoke about a life forgotten by a broken system and the Ministry's ignorance. The employees who were harassed and fired unfairly, given Veritaserum against their will and without cause. The Aurors who still suffered from trauma and the families of the kidnapped and killed. Padma's wolves spoke about the laws that had been passed but not enforced, the prejudices that still existed, the help promised but undelivered. Padma had never looked more proud of the people she'd dedicated so much of her life to helping. A path she'd started on to honour a fallen friend. Testimonies went on for hours. Well into the night with no breaks. The people would not be silenced. Hermione stepped out of the Floo to the sight of Draco reading a book on the couch. Scorpius was fast asleep, wrapped in a blanket and cuddled against his father's chest with a thumb in his mouth, it looked as though they'd both tried to wait up for her, though only one had been successful. Everything she'd rushed home to tell him grew wings and flew from her mind. Much like her heart. Draco met her eyes. "Hi." Only then did she notice the puppy sleeping between his thigh and the arm of the sofa. "Hi." Hermione didn't move, committing the visual to memory. "Did he try waiting for me?" "Yes." "I thought he was staying until tomorrow." "He was, but he wrote in the notebook that he wanted to come home." Draco closed his book and shifted Scorpius, who snuffled in protest but quickly settled back, breathing deeply. "I saw it when I heard the news, so I left to get him. Zippy made dinner, I showed him the brochures for the school, and weÉ worked on a few things." "I hate that I missed it." She took off her cardigan. "I've missed you both. TodayÑ" "Was a success because of your radical idea?" Yes, but perhaps it wasn't as radical as she thought. "I only made them answer their people. To their faces." Tiberius' expression was priceless when the vote returned, his angry threats silenced by a well-timed charm. "Are you going to stand there all night?" "I might," she confessed quietly. "You two are a sight for tired eyes." In the end, Hermione moved, toeing off the shoes she'd been wearing all day and following him upstairs. After showering and changing, she peered over at the puppy sleeping in his crate before crawling into bed. Hermione reached over Draco to stroke the back of Scorpius' head before settling under the covers, then she tucked herself into Draco's side. She closed her eyes when Draco kissed her forehead, and the tension of the past several days bled away. All of it could wait. The fight wasn't over. There was still so much to do. For tonight, Hermione celebrated progress by relaxing to both Draco's heartbeat and the weight of Scorpius' hand clutched in hers on his father's chest. She fell asleep to the sacred feeling of home. December 23, 2011 Mrs Weasley delivered the jumpers just after lunch. Three were expected; the fourth was not. Hermione knew there weren't enough Galleons in the world to convince Narcissa to wear hers, but she thanked Mrs Weasley for the sentiment anyway. It was the thought that counted. She invited Molly to stay for tea, and they took it in the conservatory while the puppy napped in the sun and Scorpius meticulously arranged the bow on his father's wrapped Christmas gift. It was a painting of the night sky featuring the constellations they were both named for, depicted side by side in a way they could never truly be seen. Artistic interpretation. There was a second one she knew was for her already on the table in the corner of the conservatory with their individual gifts to Scorpius. Once he was happy with the bow, his painting joined the others they would open Christmas morning. He ran off and returned with the children's dictionary, stretching out on the floor next to the fluffy puppy that seemed to grow bigger by the day, and flipping through the pages while petting his fur. Molly all but cooed at the sight, her smile softening when she turned her attention to Hermione. "I'd ask how you've been, dear, but I don't think I need to. I can tell you're happy, if not a bit tired. It shows around the eyes." Hermione nodded, feeling her cheeks warm. Last night, they'd bundled up on blankets in the field with charms to keep them warm, scanning the skies for the Ursid meteor shower. She'd told Scorpius more stories of the stars while Draco had dozed. He was supposed to have the next few days off following their return from France, but an early morning skirmish between Aurors and Death Eaters drew him out before breakfast to interview the captured. "I hope you don't mind not hosting Christmas at the Burrow this year." "Not at all." Molly's smile was contagious. "Besides, moving it here makes sense, given all the new additions. Charlie will arrive by Portkey tonight anyway, and rather than clean, I'll have time to make his favourites." Soon after, Molly left to do just that. Hermione started preparing their meal when Scorpius nodded off after taking the puppy outside. Little A trailed after her for a bit before growing tired and snuggling up with the sleeping boy. Everything was in the oven when their dinner guests arrived. Teddy's magnetic presence woke both sleeping parties and their reunion hug was too sweet for words. Both puppy and Scorpius fell into the older boy's orbit, which was how Hermione ended up with two children circling herÑone babbling endlessly about his term at school with his hair projecting his emotions, and the other content to listen. Andromeda looked on with amusement while holding the puppy Narcissa frowned at before petting tentatively, then more often as A charmed her. Draco's arrival was timed perfectly to the start of a dinner that was livelier than usual, given the teenager's monologue. "Teddy, love, let someone else talk a bit, hmm?" Andromeda patted his hand. "Before we got here, you were excited to talk to Scorpius." His hair turned a soft shade of pink. "Sorry Nan." "It's okay." But the response didn't come from Andromeda. Narcissa's gasp and wide eyes made Scorpius tense and cover his face with his hands, sinking in his chair as if trying to disappear. Hermione reached to comfort him, but Draco was faster, whispering something that earned him a nod. He excused them both while Teddy and Andromeda looked on in concern. Narcissa appeared stricken. "I did not mean to alarm him." "This happens sometimes." Hermione's heart ached for Narcissa. "Not to worry. Draco will help him regroup." When they returned, Scorpius looked better, but instead of walking to his seat, he approached his grandmother's side in a move that seemed to surprise his father. Scorpius stared at his shoes before straightening to attention as he once had so long ago. It was hard to decipher what he wanted from her, but Narcissa took it upon herself to step on the shaky bridge she'd been trying to construct between them. She rested both hands on his shoulders. "I amÑ" Narcissa paused to soften her tone. "I am happy to hear your voice." However wrong Narcissa may have gone about it, this was always her goal. Her wish. Scorpius cycled through a series of emotions before he leaned in and whispered, "Hi." With a small smile, he fled back to his seat, but for the rest of the dinner, despite saying nothing else, Scorpius stared at his grandmother. Even though he held on to the end of her cardigan for the first time in months, Hermione thought it was less because something was wrong, and more because something was right. "How were your marks?" Hermione asked Teddy. "Oh!" Teddy's hair settled into a deep, emerald green. "I got an A in Potions." The excitement from him sparked joy from everyone, even Scorpius. Hermione was confused. "I know it's the same mark, but it's not." Teddy sighed. "Last term I barely made an A, this term I almost got an E. And I would have, but I put too much leech juice in my Shrinking Solution on my exam and it turned orange at the last minute." "I'm sure you'll get the E next term." Hermione ruffled his hair. "I will!" He looked at Draco. "And I started using a clock to time my stirs like you suggested in your letter." Hermione was apparently the only one in shock following the statement. Draco had been writing to Teddy at Hogwarts, and helping him with his techniques in Potions? "Once you get used to it, you won't need the clock. Just like with the scale. Eventually it'll just become natural." Draco pointedly ignored her stares. "After dinner, we'll make the Shrinking Solution correctly, if you'd like." Teddy's hair turned Draco's shade of blonde then flashed bright green in excitement. All better from his previous shock, Scorpius peered at his dad with big blue eyes before signing. Can I come? Draco couldn't say no. When Hermione peeked in on them an hour later, the sight brought a grin to her face. She leaned against the doorway and just watched. Scorpius wore goggles almost too big for his face, barely able to move in the protective suit, and his gloved hands stuck out at odd angles. He looked like a marshmallow with adorable stick limbs. Not that it deterred his excitement. On top of a stool equipped with a stabilising charm, he stood as tall as his cousin and his attention was glued to the work station, mouth shaped in a little O. Teddy was more focused than she'd ever seen him, listening closely to Draco's instructions as he added a dash of leech juice. All signs of previous distress were replaced by confidence and genuine interest. It was so different from the boy who'd been down on himself in July. When he did it correctly, and showed off how he timed one revolution of his stirring rod to five ticks of the clock, Draco's stern expression slipped for a moment. He looked undeniably proud. Once the Shrinking Solution was properly vialed, he absently laid a hand on the teenager's shoulder and a look passed between them. Teddy smiled. "Thanks for helping me." Draco's hesitation with children was evident when he began cleaning up instead of accepting the appreciation. "Do youÉ" Teddy's hair turned the exact shade of his father's. "Do you think you can show me how to make Wolfsbane? I-I want to make one to keepÉ for my dad." In remembrance. "I don't think so. It's a complicated potion andÉ" Draco trailed off when Teddy's hair started to dim. His eyes cut to Scorpius, who hung on his every word. Sighing, Draco pinched the bridge of his nose. "If you earn an E, I'll teach you." Teddy lit up. "Really?" "Yes, and Granger will assist." Draco's eyes lifted to her like he'd known she was there all along. Not that she was trying to hide. "Right?" "Of course." Teddy helped Scorpius off the stool and he waddled to her, arms spread wide to show off his suit. Hermione couldn't help but chuckle. "Your dad went a little overboard, huh?" Her question earned a curt no from Draco, but Scorpius nodded with a toothy grin and Teddy laughed too loud to deny it. Scorpius didn't seem to mind. Later, Teddy and Scorpius settled in for the night and watched a film in the living room, the puppy wedged between them, fast asleep after a long day. The corners of Hermione's lips quirked at the sight. "Teddy's been trying to find his way here since he got off the train." Andromeda chuckled, shaking her head fondly. "Harry was there with security, which was a conversation in and of itself. He's missed home, I think, and it's been an easier adjustment than I expected having him home for Christmas." "Oh?" "Narcissa has called him Draco a few times, but I explained everything in July, so he understands. He just talks to her. I think his constant chatter is calming." A sad sort of amusement flashed across her features. "She says that Draco was so much like Teddy at that age." Hermione thought of the Draco Malfoy she knew in Third Year, the image of the same smiling boy talking at length to his mother, and how those two warring visuals were of the same person who'd grown into a drastically different man. "I'd like Narcissa to stay in touch with him while Teddy's away." Andromeda stared absently at the boys on the other side of the room. "I think it could be good for them both." "I'm sure they'd enjoy that. Scorpius might want to write to him, too, now that he knows his father does as well." Hermione started a kettle for tea. "In fact, Draco created a way for him and Scorpius to communicate through these notebooks I bought them. And Albus and Scorpius use something similar to write and draw pictures to one another. I'm sure we can figure something out." "I think he'd like that." Two cups in hand, Hermione turned to Andromeda. "Tea?" "Please. The fruity blend, if you have it." "I haven't made any more of that." She pulled a tin down from the cupboard. "This is a peppermint blend. It's not too strong, but I know you don't care for peppermint tea." The next tin felt light, too. "This one'sÑ" "Oh, actuallyÑ" Andromeda peered at the choices. "I've grown rather fond of peppermint lately." Odd. Andromeda's tastes were similar to her sister'sÑthey were both stubborn and hardly veered. They liked their tea light and sweet. "I've started drinking a cup each day with a bit of honey. I've been told peppermint is good for the immune system." She wasn't wrong, but that didn't stop Hermione from squinting at Andromeda as she made her tea. Curiosity coiled around her consciousness, but the return of Draco and his mother distracted her. Both of their expressions were blank, but when Narcissa saw Andromeda, she visibly relaxed. Draco did not. "There you are, Meda." She rushed to her sister's side. "I cannot believe you left me alone in the dark with a stranger." "I've got you, Cissy." Andromeda paused for a moment, then apologised, eyeing her nephew. "Let's go for a walk." Emotions flashed across Draco's face for a second before he sealed them away, but Hermione interpreted the swell of sentiment beneath his wind-battered surface. He was hurting and her own heart ached in turn. Losing his father had been a blur, and he hadn't had time to process it until long after the man was gone, but this was different. No matter how complex their relationship, losing his mother wasn't an occurrence he could look back on and label a singular event. It was a process that spanned an indeterminate timeline. The string of good days made it easy to forget that they weren't all that way. There weren't just good and bad days. There were good and bad hours. Good and bad minutes. Good and bad seconds. And one day, one minute, one second, the timeline would reach its natural end. Every incident served as a painful reminder of the reality even hope could never let them forget. Wordlessly, Draco walked back to the conservatory, closing the door behind him with a soft click that reverberated in the quiet. Hermione found him staring into the darkness. She approached him from behind and wrapped her arms around his waist, pressing her cheek against his back. Draco exhaled. "I'm fine." Their deceptive mantra was easy to speak when one of them felt anything but. Still, she tightened her grip. "I'm fine, too." December 24, 2011 Blaise always had impeccable timing. Following breakfast with Teddy and Narcissa, who had no recollection of the incident the previous night, the older witch and Hermione took a walk in the greenhouse that ended on a better note. But tension was still rolling off of Draco when Hermione left to escort his mother home and talk to Charles about his patient's incident while the Healer took notes in the log he'd inherited from her. Hermione returned to find Teddy and Scorpius watering the plants in the conservatory with the puppy following them around. She heard Draco's deep chuckle before she found him in the office with a very familiar chair that looked exactly as gaudy as she remembered. But now it bore a very large, very red bow. Not that Hermione needed confirmation, but still she asked, "Is thatÑ" "Yes." "Blaise?" "Just left after delivering a few things." Draco handed over the note. Happy Christmas. Hermione's face burned but she couldn't suppress the growing prickle of humour. "Do you thinkÑ" "He definitely knows." December 25, 2011 There were levels of melancholy. Draco Malfoy had experienced his fair share, yet judging by his pinched expression while pulling an invisible piece of lint off of the green D adorning his grey jumper, this one was the deepest. Draco looked like he'd hit rock bottom. "Must I?" A glance to her left gave him the answer. Yes. Scorpius' excitement was evident. With A at his side, adorably outfitted in a tiny green bowtie he alternated between forgetting and trying to paw at, Scorpius had been dressed in his blue and gold-lettered jumper and trousers for two hours. He'd been vibrating with anticipation the entire time. He didn't understand when Hermione explained why they were wearing the jumpers, but he seemed to like that everyone had one with the first letter of their name. Barely managing to refrain from rolling his eyes, Draco relented. "Fine." Gifts were exchanged before sunrise. With sticking charms, Draco hung his son's constellation painting and her gift, too. It was a painting of Earth from Scorpius and his father, though the boy had to glare at Draco until he gruffly admitted to helping his son with it. Narcissa's gift to Scorpius had been left the night before. A vial of shimmering liquid. A memory. Something to remember her by. Scorpius didn't understand its significance, but Draco did, and he would make certain that his son did, too, when the time came. It took a few minutes for Scorpius to calm down from the excitement of his father's giftÑan array of materials, delivered by Blaise, for his first climbing wallÑbut when he was ready, he settled on the floor to open hers. Hermione watched nervously while the little boy meticulously peeled away the wrapping paper A pawed with interest. Once uncovered, Scorpius picked up the large book with both hands. When he opened the cover, blue eyes narrowed slightly. Then he froze. There, on the first page was a dried mint, a handwritten note from her about it, and the date she'd offered him the herb. The rest of the pages followed suit, telling the story of their journey in dried herbs and petals from plants. Draco looked on as Scorpius flipped from page to page. Memory to memory. Through Mint the cactus. Lavender. Thyme. Carnations he'd offered. Blades of grass and a piece of the blanket they'd laid on their first day in the sun. Bits of each plant in the greenhouse. Pictures she'd captured of Draco and Scorpius in the greenhouse in the last few weeks. One with him lifting Scorpius up to touch the budding almond tree. Petals from the flowers he'd been greeting the day he'd spoken his first words. Everything he explored. Everything he loved. Everything that had drawn them closer. Reminded him of home. Made them whole. She'd tried to preserve their story. "Do you like it?" Hermione asked. "Yes." Scorpius flipped to the end and frowned at the empty pages. There were many. And even more she could add if they ran out. Scorpius looked at her, confusion clear on his face. "Well, we're not finished, are we?" Understanding bloomed as Scorpius' smile grew. Then he shook his head. No, they weren't. There was more to see, more to do, and so much more to explore. And they would do it together. Draco took the puppy out while they hugged. Hermione only let go when he did, and they both ended up at the window. While on her knees, with Scorpius leaned against her, they watched Draco let A nose around for a spot, then praise him for going outside. Then he scooped the puppy up and Hermione smiled when he rubbed his head. Another hint that Draco was attached. "Do you know the sign for puppy?" He showed her quickly. "Do you know the sign for Happy Christmas?" Scorpius nodded brightly. "Your dad showed you?" Yes. "Can you show me?" He did it slowly the first two times. Happy Christmas. Hermione mimicked. But then added a third word by brushing her index finger across her chin. A word that made him freeze, eyes on her, unwavering. She didn't move while his face cycled through an array of emotions. Confusion. Surprise. Happiness. Boldly, Hermione signed the word again and again. Each time, his smile grew wider. "Do you mean it?" His voice was soft, eyes full of emotion, and cheeks pinkening by the moment. "Of course I do. It's my name for you, if you want." Hermione barely held back her own tears when he nodded enthusiastically, urging her to sign it again. Love had brightened every pathway in her life and it had all started with him. Hermione brought her index finger across her chin one more time, signing the name that had belonged to him for longer than she'd realised. Son. There was a new addition on Draco's forefinger. The onyx band had no embellishments or jewels beyond the four small runes engraved in the stone that were too small to decipher. Hermione had first noticed it when he unwrapped his gift from Scorpius, then she'd stared at it while he listened to Teddy prattle on during Christmas breakfast, and she'd strained to read the runes during her call with her parents, who were enjoying a warm Christmas. Narcissa and Draco went outside to have a quiet moment alone and remember Lucius. She didn't find time to ask about the ring until Scorpius bundled up and took the increasingly energetic puppy outside with Teddy to run before everyone's arrival. Hermione left Andromeda and Narcissa watching the boys as they played just beyond the glass walls, whispering back and forth, and trading looks with the occasional chuckle. Wandering into the kitchen, she found Draco brewing himself a second cup of tea. She caught his curious side-eye before grazing the ring with her thumb, feeling the grooves of the runes as if she could translate them through touch. Alas, she couldn't. "This is new." "It is. A companion piece." Draco pulled something from his pocket, something she'd handed over weeks ago. "To this." Her compass necklace now dangled from a new chainÑdelicate and slightly longer. Silently, he offered it to her, but Hermione turned, lifting her hair, and his fingers brushed her neck as he put it on. She touched the compass, tracing the new grooves on the back, but before she could decipher anything, lips on her pulse point made her skin tingle. "I made some updates," Draco murmured. "It's like my mother's, but it'll also act as a Portkey home should you need it." If ever she were lost. "Thank you." Hermione turned around. "I thought you and I were exchanging gifts laterÑ" "This isn't your gift, just something I needed to finish. A selfish project, if you will." "I don't mind. I don't think I can wait until tonight anyway." She pulled out her wand, summoning a thick envelope Draco caught mid-air. "I honestly had no idea what to get you, but wellÉ open it. And Happy Christmas." Unfolding the parchment felt like it took an eternity, and Hermione counted the seconds it took Draco to read. One. Ten. Twenty. Forty. Sixty. At a hundred and twenty-three seconds, he looked up. He didn't move, only blinked. Stunned silent. Hermione wrung her hands together. "IÑKingsley asked me what I wanted out of all this, out of his return to aid the restoration, and well, my first thought was you. I justÑI thought this might be nice. It's his first decree as Interim Minister, and why it took so long for me to come home the other night. I asked him to hold off on executing it until I could tell youÑor, really, until I could show you this. Today, obviously because it's, wellÑI'm rambling. Sorry. What do you think?" "That wasÑ" "Yeah." She smiled and looked down, tucking her hair behind her ears. "I didn't know when there might be another chance to ask for something like this. It's not exactly a normal request." Draco kept flipping through the pages, face unreadable. "But the manpower." "I know the Task Force will help, and our friends and family, too." That earned her a look. "Neville's been asking other professors for volunteers." It would be a collective effort. He just kept staring at the parchment like he couldn't believe it was real. "This explains why Longbottom asked me if I'd done research." "I gave him copies. It'll be a combined effort between the Ministry and the University. There are students that want to be part of itÑrespectfully, of course, and once the fire is out, everyone will leave." Hermione had been adamant this wouldn't be used as an experiment. It would be observation only, and all present had to be there to help. No one would be permitted to experiment, no tests would be authorised of the ash, and nothing would be allowed to disturb the remains of his family home. Not unless Draco permitted it. Unsure if she was bracing for an argument for overstepping, Hermione shifted her weight. His silence drove her to keep talking. "Neville's coordinating everything with a tentative plan for the beginning of February. I understand ifÑ" When Draco placed the parchment on the countertop, his eyes fell heavy on her. "Iloveyou." The sentiment was a blur, rushed together, but his gaze was clear with sincerity. It wasn't a surprise, and she knew it to be true, but it was the first time he'd vocalised itÑconfirmation of a love they'd chosen each day and sustained with actions. Both a tether and a weight. Security. Purpose. No theatrics, just certainty that built day by day. Brick by brick. And yet three words still managed to render Hermione speechless. Draco scrubbed the back of his neck and looked off to the side as the corners of his lips curved into a nervous smile. "Ironic that you give me my home back just as I turn over the use of the land." "What?" "Follow me." He took her hand and pulled her into her office, directing her to a folder on the desk, open for her to see. Sure enough, it was the ownership of the land. Signed over. Sealed. The deal was already done. "You told me once that there was more than one way to make a difference. That you preferred to make large changes on a small scale. I figured out a way to do that." "I-I don't understand." "Only a fraction of the seeds from my family's greenhouse have been analysed. Longbottom drafted a grant that was approved by the University, but they need land to begin the cultivation process. Something with a greenhouse and plenty of space. There's time to decide what to call it, what weÑ" "But your legacyÉ" It was at that moment Hermione realised Draco wasn't giving anything up by turning over the Manor's land. He was creating something new. The Christmas tree had been transplanted from the Burrow. Decorated by the children earlier in the month, the sheer amount of baubles and charms and garland at the bottom contrasted the sparse top and made for an overall humorous sight. It was strange to be seated around the tree in an odd grouping of sofas and chairs that even transfiguration couldn't match. Even stranger that the scene was staged in her greenhouse, which had been vented just enough to make sure it wasn't too warm for Weasley-made wool jumpers or too cold for comfort. Perfect, even, with everyone together. Initially, Scorpius was overwhelmed by the number of new faces, all labelled with different letters to help him keep track. Hermione thought he would join Albus and James, but he took one look around and bolted in a different direction. He ended up ducked behind her work station, squatting low, and shaking his head. She and Draco tried to coax him out. Then Arthur, followed by Molly, and eventually Theo, too. After shooing her and Draco to join the others, Daphne took Al, James, and Teddy with her to help. In the end, it was Harry who appeared triumphant with Scorpius in his arms. Instead of bringing him to where she and Draco were waiting with tentative relief, he took him around the room to greet each new person, starting with Charlie and Bill, both of whom grinned when Scorpius politely offered his hand. Hermione's worries eased with each exchange. Scorpius smiled at Fleur's French greeting and fumbled his way through a high-five with Angelina and George. Hermione knew Draco didn't care what everyone thought of him, all that ever mattered to him was Scorpius' acceptance. And when it became clear each time Scorpius looked to Harry for cues and reassurance during their trip around the room and found bothÑDraco's hand in hers relaxed. Still, Hermione didn't truly exhale until he joined Albus and the other children. Lily was already barefoot with Luna and Dominique, a new pair of cat ears atop her red hair. Teddy and Victoire were arguing, the former's hair cycling through rainbow tones, while Halia was petting A, with assistance from Dean. Draco left her side to hover closer, under the guise of talking to Theo, Dean, and Blaise, but his eyes tracked Scorpius while he settled in. Hermione looked around the busy room. Neville was helping Fleur, Arthur, and Percy decorate the enormous table they would all be sitting at soon. Andromeda, Cho, Susan, and Molly were making certain the long table of food was in order. Conversation between Parvati, Pansy, Ginny, and Daphne was spirited, but not as loud as the Quidditch talk between Ron, Padma, Angelina, Charlie, and Bill. In the middle of it all stood Narcissa, who was staring at the lilac jumper in her hands with a distasteful frown. She was the only one not wearing one, and her expression reminded Hermione very much of Draco when Albus said, well, anything. Harry joined her side, shoving his hands in his pockets. They stood together in silence until he started chuckling. "I haven't had a minute to laugh about Malfoy wearing a Weasley jumper." Hermione cracked a smile. "I didn't even have to bribe him." "Scorpius?" "Yes." They both laughed but Harry sighed with understanding; he, too, would do anything for his children. "What was wrong?" She looked on as Louis told a story aided by exaggerated hand gestures while Scorpius, James, and Al listened with rapt attention. "He wasn't sure if they would like him." Hermione turned. "He said that?" "He didn't have to." Harry shrugged. "Al gets self-conscious, too. I just guessed until he nodded." "And guessing what was wrong got him out?" "No." Harry paused. "We remembered." Hermione briefly thought of all the quiet moments Scorpius did this with his eyes shut and a hand over heart. "Then I told him that everyone in the jumpers was part of a family that would accept him just like they accepted us both, and they all wanted to meet him." "Oh, Harry." She leaned against him. "Thank you. For helping him." "No need to thank me." Christmas dinner was chaotic in a comfortingly familiar way. Artfully surrounded by flowers that gave the area an autumnal feel, the adults ate at one large table while the children sat together at a smaller one. The food was as plentiful as the conversation. Bill announced that they were moving closer to the city. He'd accepted a liaison position at Gringotts, news which elated Arthur and Molly, and Dean had been promoted to work under him. Seated between Andromeda and Fleur, Narcissa seemed wholly lost, given the lack of formality, but she started to thaw after several long looks from Scorpius convinced her to put on her jumper. Hermione was surprised by Narcissa's behaviour after that: the amount of time she spent talking to Molly, how she complimented Susan's braided hair, and when Victoire expressed an interest in society, she extended a personal invitation. When the Death Eater nonsense was over, as she put it, Narcissa offered to host Victoire at an event next summer. With the permission of her parents, of course. Fleur even wanted to come with. "I'll come along, too." Ginny shrugged when Harry gave her a strange look. "What? I've always been curious. Besides, I can wear some of the formal robes I've never touched. Escort me?" He rolled his eyes playfully but leaned in close. "Always." Partners for life. "Malfoy will keep me entertained," Harry said. Draco's fork was halfway to his mouth when he stopped. "I have zero intention of attending." "You will if Hermione decides to go, won't you?" Ginny gave him a challenging look and Harry followed up by poking him in the arm. Draco stared blankly across the table when Pansy and Daphne started laughing. A humoured Dean suppressed his chuckle with a cough. Narcissa was now paying attention, waiting for her son's response, but his eyes only narrowed. Then he kept eating. Ginny grinned. "Mark Malfoy down for a yes." "Aww, you two are friends!" Luna announced with an airy smile. That made the childhood enemies sputter. Hermione chuckled until Draco glared at her. "What? You didn't answer the question." "You should already know." "I think this would be a different experience, right? Now that you're ineligible." Her suspicions were confirmed through Narcissa's polite cough. "It's part of your culture and your family has been integral for decades. Why wouldn't I attend, if only to understand? We should think about it." Draco didn't answer one way or another. Not long later, he leaned over and murmured, "You understand more than you realise." "IÑ" "Walk with me." The same three words he'd spoken when they were different people. Words that once held much less significance. Now armed with better understanding, warmth rose to her cheeks and she nodded. Hermione watched Draco from the corner of her eyes for the rest of dinner and beyond. It wasn't his first dinner with her friends and found family, but it was the first time he'd been around so many of them at once. He met Bill, Fleur, Angelina, and Charlie. They'd likely been briefed beforehand, because no one was surprised by Draco's presence. Upon their arrival earlier, Angelina had given her a waggling brow that nearly made Hermione choke on air. Unsurprisingly, Draco was on his best behaviour. He struck up a slow conversation with Charlie about dragon lore, George about the shop, talked to Fleur in French, much to her enjoyment, and even spoke to Bill. Hermione didn't catch exactly what had been said, as she and Ginny were called over to the children's table to sort out a disagreement between Al, James, and Dominique. Together, they explained that while Dominique was right and Scorpius wasn't related to them, he could still be their family. And that was what they wanted. "We're all brothers!" Al declared with a victorious fist in the air. All in all, Christmas dinner ran smoothly. Mr Weasley talked to everyone about everything. Pansy, who normally would have been overwhelmed, was drawn into a conversation by Ginny when Angelina mentioned wanting to renovate her home to sell. Hermione caught Mrs Weasley smiling at Percy and Pansy. Her approval was quiet, likely having less to do with how happy Percy looked with his arm over the back of Pansy's chair and more to do with the way Pansy looked back at her son. "Soooo..." George dragged the word out dramatically and looked over at Angelina as she shoved him in the arm playfully. "Angelina and I have something to tell you all. We're getting married!" The table erupted at the news. Angelina held up the hand she'd kept under the table up to that point. And while congratulations were overflowing, Hermione gave the bride-to-be a wide smile that was returned with an added nod, both remembering their last conversation. Angelina had made her choice. The presence of Draco's hand on Hermione's thigh was a quiet reminder that Hermione had done the same. She slid her hand over Draco's and slotted their fingers together. An odd look crossed his features, vanishing the moment she noticed it. "Is everything okay?" "Yes." His hand never left as he struck up a conversation with Andromeda. Everyone began shifting as the meal dwindled down, and conversation broke out in smaller groups. Strange mixtures of people as always. Neville, Padma, Dean, Daphne, Draco, Cho, Percy, and Andromeda were gathered elsewhere in the greenhouse, talking about something Hermione couldn't hear from where she remained with a few others still around the table. The kids went back to playing with the puppy around the tree. Blaise decided to use the greenhouse speakers, and soon music floated through the air. He was quick to offer his hand to Padma, Bill was led out by Fleur, Arthur took a grinning and flushed Molly out, Narcissa accepted Theo's offer, and Ron fumbled with Susan, but it still earned him a dance for his troubles. Everyone's quiet surprise came when Charlie approached Parvati, who laughed him off at first, but the next time Hermione looked, they were dancing together. "When's the wedding?" Ginny asked Angelina, leaning back against Harry with her feet up on the chair next to her. "This time next year." Angelina looked as radiant as her ring. "I have a break that starts at the beginning of December." "What that means is we've got plenty of time to help plan!" Luna smiled brightly, then eyed Hermione. "I love weddings." She skipped off in the direction of Neville and dragged him onto the dance floor, slow-dancing to a fast song. "Cryptic as always." Angelina shook her head. When they all gave her strange looks, she waved her hand in Luna's direction. "When we came to see the children off, she told me the answer wasn't in the skies. I still don't know what that means." Knowing what she knew now, Hermione had her own ideas, but she kept them to herself. "Luna's odd." Pansy finished her wine. "But I distinctly remember her being the first one of you lot I didn't want to hex." "And here you are." Ginny raised her glass. "Wearing a lovely Weasley jumper andÑ" "About to seduce your brother into shagging me until I can't see." With terror in his eyes, Harry bolted from the table so fast Ginny nearly fell over without his weight keeping her upright. He threw back an apology but kept running. "What theÑ" "Look." Pansy's grip tightened around her stem. "I need thirty seconds." "I'm starting the clock." Angelina held up a hand. "AndÉ Go." Ginny groaned and rolled off the chair onto the floor. She didn't get up. Pansy didn't pay attention to her theatrics. "While everyone else is all happy and shagged out, I am deprived. Draco smiles and is relaxed, for fuck's sake. He can probably write ten inch essays on la petite mort with the way Hermione's beenÑ" "Fifteen seconds left." Pansy scowled at Hermione. "Daphne's tired of listening to me whine." "Um?" Hermione tilted her head. "Actually, I'm going to pause the clock." Angelina's mischievous grin, born from too much time with George, surely meant trouble. "I'm listening." "He's been buried in work, patient with me, and it's been far too bloody long. I'm in dire need of a plan. So first, I'm going toÑ" Ginny started aggressively humming. "Oh, fuckingÑ" "I definitely intend to. Multiple times." Pansy smiled widely. Angelina started laughing and Hermione couldn't help but join. Pansy's plan wasn't complex or even all that original. Lingerie, locked Floos, timed meals, and cleared calendars. Those were the keys to success and she just needed to vent before rapping her knuckles on the table with a satisfied grin. Ginny appeared from underneath. "You can come out if you want, I'm finished." She was the embodiment of a Cheshire cat. "Well, not yet, but I'm certain Percy will make sure I will be." Ginny looked like she might be sick. "Gross." The song changed to something slower, and Luna and Neville began dancing as if it were upbeat. "Why are you the way you are?" Ginny poured herself another glass of wine and finished it in three gulps. "Because I'mÑ" Pansy perked up, eyes craning above Hermione's head. "Finished helping Blaise with the music, Draco?" Hermione hadn't noticed his approach, but she felt his hand drop to her shoulder. It made her turn to the man giving a grinning Pansy a dark look. But he knew better than to provoke her. Instead, he offered a hand that Hermione accepted, excusing herself. Draco Malfoy wanted his dance. And he got it, in front of everyone. More than one. By the third, there were more pairs on the dance floor, swaying together as one. "Worth wearing the jumper?" Hermione gestured to everything around them, watching as he snorted and rolled his eyes. "You'll never admit it, so I won't make you." For that, Draco brought her so close she had to rest her cheek against his chest. His heart was racing. "Thank you. For today, and all of this," she murmured. "I know you don't care much for Christmas." "I haven't in the past, no. But today has beenÉ better than expected." Draco's voice lowered to something private. Personal. He pulled her closer. "Though I must confess, I'm ready for everyone to leave so we can talk." "Is that a euphemism?" Hermione chuckled. "We've got plenty of time to talk tonight. Daphne's taking Scorpius. Dean's family is doing Boxing Day with them. I'll bring the mistletoeÑ" "I don't need mistletoe right now, do I?" "No." She lifted her head and found grey eyes drinking her in. "Nor do you need to ask." Draco cupped her cheek, leaning down to kiss her, and gradually deepening it until everything faded into thin air. The crowd around them came back in a rush of whistles. Hermione smiled against his lips, but didn't shy away. Not until Dean and Daphne cut in and they parted ways. Dean steered Hermione off to the side. "I take it that was the reason we spent the morning driving." Hermione nodded. "I was a little lost. Restless. Thank you for being there." "Anytime. You were there for Daphne, for everyone. I would say it's returning the favour, but it's really what friends do." Something caught his eye above her head and he smirked. Hermione turned to see Daphne slap Draco in the arm before he made a face that turned into the same sort of smile Ginny gave Ron whenever he was being annoying. "Took me a long time to like him, and even longer to understand him, but she showed me." "She showed me, too. Or pointed me in the right direction. But she wasn't the only one." Daphne had spoken of his past anger, Theo of his present duality, and Kingsley of his future potential. But it was Astoria's memory that served as a daily reminder of his capacity for growth and change. His ever-enduring compassion and heart. She'd given him the promise of a future in Scorpius and died knowing he was worthy of the chances he was finally allowing himself to take. With Hermione by his side. Dean spun her around, pulling Hermione from her thoughts. "He gifted us his house. LikeÉ as a present." "What?" Hermione almost tripped over her own feet. "Yeah." Dean was still reeling. "He said he wouldn't need it. Something about sixteen being an even number? I don't really understand but I suppose he and Scorpius intend to make their temporary move here permanent?" "I-yeah." Hermione thought back to their night spent dreaming about the blueprints. Draco had never said it outright, but it made more sense. As did the hour he spent on the other side of the house trying to envision where they might add a pool. "We've talked about renovating a few things over time, too." "Same for us. We're not thinking of moving in straight away. Nobody can think about anything until this Death Eater and Greyback situation is calmer. It'll take a bit for Draco to fully transfer ownership of the warding. I know Daphne wants to make a few changes, but she'll have room for her office, a place to store things she can't leave around, and I'll have space for an art studio." "I bet Pansy will help you prepare to sell your home, too. If you need it." "She's already offered." Dean took a deep breath. "You know, we tried to turn him down, but he insisted. And by insisted, I mean he left through the Floo before either of us could argue. That's why Daph's hitting him." Hermione's laughter faded when she saw Harry approach the pair. Something had happened based on their reaction to his news. Hermione didn't move until they all made their way over to her and Dean. Draco's walls were high, Daphne looked troubled, and Harry was visibly angry. "What happened?" Dean asked. "The guards assigned to patrol Malfoy Manor were ambushed and killed. My subordinate is handling the scene, and Draco is sending the Task Force to assist." "Death Eaters?" Hermione knew the answer before asking. The clench of Draco's jaw only confirmed it. She frowned. "On the anniversary of your father's death? It sounds like a message andÑ" "Bait." Draco looked at Harry. "They expect me to come." "Will you?" "No." Draco's storm began to recede when she reached for him. "I'll let them think they've won a battle while the American team is in position to take out another safe house tomorrow morning in Scotland." Strategically closing them in. Not letting emotions get in the way. As such was the art of war. Hermione sat up and rubbed her eyes, peeking at her clock. Half-past eleven. Normally, she would still be awake, but Draco had exhausted her earlier, working out enough pent up energy and frustration to send her off to a deep, early sleep. It started in the conservatory after everyone left, then continued in the bath for a bit of mutual therapy. Whatever Draco had wanted to discuss was forgotten in embarrassing fashion when she'd immediately succumbed to sleep's siren song after letting Draco drag another orgasm out of her using nothing more than a natural talent with his tongue. She expected to find him asleep, too, but he wasn't. After pulling on a robe and stepping into slippers, she ventured out of the bedroom. The conservatory was empty as well. Hermione frowned before turning her attention elsewhere. The brewing room. Draco was so concentrated on his potion that several minutes passed before he noticed her presence. She took her time watching him work as smoke rose in swirling plumes from the cauldron. "If you're going to watch, come closer." His eyes met hers. "And close the door." Hermione did just that, but instead of coming to his side, she wandered to where he'd prepared everything, looking for hints of what he was brewing. Covering her mouth with a fist, she stifled a yawn. "I only came here to figure out why the bed was cold." "Couldn't sleep and you needed rest." "Sorry about that." "Don't apologise." The corners of his mouth quirked. "It does wonders for my ego when you Ñ" "You're incorrigible." Hermione rolled her eyes. "What are you brewing?" "An experimental potion." "For what purpose?" "To temporarily change someone's scent." "Can you do that?" "Hopefully. Morally, its uses are grey at best, but as of yet, it's not illegal because it doesn't actually exist, I checked. The effects should last a day, if my calculations are correct, but it's difficult and dangerous to brew correctly." Draco glanced over his shoulder at her. "You look worried. Don't be. It's not to mask your scent, it's to replicate it and draw him out." "I'm still a little worried, but less about the legality and ethics of it all." She picked up a used vial, coated with white film inside. "I know I said I wanted to be on offence with Greyback, but I'm not comfortable endangering everyone's lives toÑ" "If more people carry your scent, carefully, each target is less likely to be in danger, and we can use that to trap him strategically in one location. We can contain him on our terms, rather than react to him finding us." "And then what?" "There's only one way to handle a feral animal." Kill it. Hermione shuddered. "I just see this going wrong in so many ways." Finally at his side, she leaned on the countertop, eyes moving between the bubbling potion and the man brewing it. "Let me guess, reward outweighs risk in your eyes?" "Exactly." Draco returned to his task. "It'll take a month to fully brew." And she would prepare in the meantime. "What do you need from me?" Draco stepped back, but the stirring rod continued its slow revolutions. "A few drops of blood, given willingly." "If you think it'll work." Hermione offered her hand. "It's part of my contingency plan." The last piece. The final problem. The process was quick, not painless, but just when she was about to reach for the dittany she'd summoned from the storage closet, Draco aimed his wand, closed his eyes, and healed her with the warm tingle of his magic. December 26, 2011 Kingsley's name appeared on her Magi-Scheduler when Hermione was tending to the terrarium plants in the windowsill of her office. Draco saw it first while sorting through the initial reports from the earlier raid, and alerted her to it. When she asked about the time, his answer was quick, but there was a tinge of confusion in his voice. "Now?" Which was how they found themselves standing in Kingsley's living room. It was mid-morning, and Kingsley was in his beekeeping coveralls, entering his home the same moment they arrived. "How are the bees today?" "Quiet." Kingsley hung his hat on the hook next to the door. "A few weeks ago, I altered the charms to their lowest to signal it was time to rest for winter. They have enough honey, are properly insulated and ventilated, and there is no need for me to look in on them. They are doing as nature intended. I was merely outside planning for next year. I'm thinking of adding more hives and frames." "Will you be able to manage all this andÑ" "Of course. I have volunteers and assistance. A few of your friends have expressed interest in beekeeping, too." Kingsley picked up two teacups off the table before venturing into the kitchen, giving them both a look. "I assume you both have eaten." "We have." "Tea then?" "Yes, please." Hermione looked at Draco, who had yet to speak. "Two cups would be lovely." While Kingsley made them all tea, Hermione quietly accepted the chair Draco held out before he sat next to her. They exchanged curious looks. What Kingsley wanted, they would find out when he was ready to tell them, and not a moment before. When the now-Interim Minister joined them, he floated a tray with lemon and honey to the table followed closely by their cups alongside his own. Draco added a dollop of honey to her tea, and they heard the man across from them make a small, humoured noise. They both looked and found him watching their exchange. "I heard you hosted Christmas." Kingsley's eyes moved from Hermione to Draco then back. "We did." Draco's tone was a little stiff. "How did you know that?" "I quite enjoy starting my day with peppermint tea." Kingsley looked at Hermione with a knowing smile. "It's good for the immune system, especially as one ages." Hermione gaped at him. "Oh, I can't believe I didn't notice." Draco cleared his throat. "Notice what exactly?" "Andromeda and I have been enjoying each other's company." Warmth bloomed in Kingsley's expression. "We've taken tea together regularly since meeting in the hospital." That long? She and Draco exchanged silent questions. Did you know? He confirmed his lack of knowledge with a quick head shake. But when Hermione thought back to the mystery teacup from her last visit, and Andromeda's comments about having someone to talk to during yet another journey of loss, things started making a little more sense. They'd found each other without looking. "Why didn't you come with Andromeda for Christmas?" "I considered it. Unfortunately, I was called away on pressing matters. A list of things have been left to fester due to the prior Minister's ignorance. There were a lot of upcoming deadlines in treaties they were planning to let go, including the one with the Americans that would have quietly removed their assistance in our efforts against the Death Eaters." Hermione didn't know that, but Draco didn't look surprised. "I'll let you know how it feels to be back as Interim Minister when I finish wrapping my head around the fiscal, economic, internal, external, domestic, and international disasters I've been left to sort through." "What about the staff? The Undersecretary." Hermione knew the workload would require substantial help. "I thought perhaps you would keep them on until you decided on a new nominee." "My staff consists of myself, Adam, Percy and his team, who assist when they can, given the upcoming hearings. Deloris has been acting as my assistant, on loan from the Auror Office. I've terminated both the Senior and Junior Undersecretaries, and dismissed the old Minister's staff. I have no space or tolerance for those who placate tyrants." A thought made Hermione sit up straighter. "I could assist temporarily to give you time to staff your office with those who align with your objectives. Just half days, though. I could help with the hiring process and vet the candidates. I can also assist with sorting through the debacle of paperwork. The legal department is overrun with Death Eater cases and because I've been interpreting Draco's translations, I'm decently versed in the legal language. My only caveat is that I must be able to work from home when I have Scorpius, and I'll need to work around my therapy appointments." Kingsley studied her for a moment, lacing his hands together on the table in front of him. "I would readily agree to all of your terms and more, including compensation, if this is something you want." "Temporarily, yes." Hermione sipped her tea. "I have no intentions of making this a permanent move. I plan to start classes in March. Donate my proposed salary to charity, there are plenty that need it. Draco thinks I'm bored and he's right." Her eyes slid to the man next to her. There was little argument on his face. "What do you think? Maybe this is something we should discuss." Kingsley excused himself from the room. "You don't need to discuss every decision with me." Draco's first comment caught her off guard. "No, but this one is large enough to warrant a conversation." "Maybe." He placed his teacup on the saucer. "But you don't need permission. What more is there to consider that you haven't already?" Hermione had considered everything, right down to Scorpius, but there was something else she wanted, even if she didn't need it. "I'd like your opinion." "I've always said you were suited for something other than healing. I stand by that. You would make an excellent Undersecretary, which is essentially the role you would be assuming." "Wait." Hermione narrowed her eyes at him. "Weren't you the one who firmly argued against that? I recall a dramatic exit and everything. It was memorable." Draco turned, mouth quirked in amusement. "I was arguing against their attempts to coerce you into taking a role you never asked for, but I never said you weren't suited." His hand came to rest on her thigh. "Is this what you want to do?" "Until his office is staffed properly? Yes." "Then why would I stop you?" Draco turned his hand over when she rested hers on top. "As if I ever could anyway." "I'm certain there's something about this you'll fight me over." "Probably plenty, but not right now." His thumb swiped across her knuckles before she laced their fingers together. "You are who you are." And beneath his words laid the truth: he had no intention of trying to change anything about her. "What did you say about me again?" Hermione pretended to think. "Oh, that's right. Often frustrating, opinionated, and self-righteous to a fault?" "Yes, but also a fighter." His eyes were endless pools of fire, full of so much still yet to be discovered. "A force." But a dutiful woman she is not. No wonder she'd received so many exasperated looks. Chuckling at her own ignorance, Hermione shook her head. There was no arguing with the person who loved and accepted all of her. "The prevalent concern is that I'll burn myself out again." "That won't happen." It was less a statement than a certainty. Simply for one reason: Draco wouldn't allow it. And neither would she. Even before Draco's arrival in her life, things had been different. Hermione now knew her limits. She wore a new lens and had different priorities. Having someone to come home to, a partner who understood her drive and need for independence, and a little boy who always made her want to enjoy the simplicity in the passage of time gave her the orbit she hadn't known she needed to slow down. When Kingsley returned, they agreed to terms and shook on it. She would start her temporary assignment the following week. Draco finished his tea and they prepared to leave. Or started to. But Kingsley cleared his throat. "That was not my purpose in inviting you both here." "Oh?" As always, Hermione was intrigued. More so when Kingsley snapped his fingers and two bottles of honey came flying from the other room. One for each of them. "The last honey of the season. As a token of my appreciation to you both for giving me hope." Hermione accepted the gifts and put them in her bag. "I have been busy in my first week as Interim Minister." Another swirl of his wand brought forth a parcel of parchment. Kingsley caught it without effort and placed everything on the table between them. "What's this?" Hermione asked while Draco fished his glasses out of his pocket. "Documentation of assets seized after the war. Some from the families of war criminalsÉ and even some from the families of those ultimately found innocent. Did you know the Ministry quietly seized Malfoy Manor?" The way Draco tensed meant the answer was no. "They tried to put the fire out, if only to determine if they would find anything of use in the rubble. Tiberius knew the rumours, as anyone did, about the artefacts your father kept. I heard there was a Time Turner." "Rumour," Draco replied while skimming over a parchment, frowning more and more as he read. He looked at Kingsley and paused, tapping his finger on the table. "If a Time Turner is what you want, there is a prototype locked away in a vault in Siberia. It's different from the ones destroyed in the Ministry. This one can take someone back years." "What?" Hermione and Kingsley said in unison. "My father only told me of its location to use as collateral." Draco sat back and folded his arms. "To save myself or my mother, should anything happen. He didn't use it for himself and I plan to take the knowledge to my grave. No one needs the power to rewrite history." Silence fell as they all processed the information. "There are other things." Draco spoke again with clear difficulty. "After the war, my father quietly moved a few collections to remote locations only he knew of. I've never looked, but did anyone else try?" "Tiberius had access to all of your father's information. If he found anything of use, it would have been divulged and unearthed." Hermione crossed her legs. "Has anyone tried to enter the wards?" "Two wizards died attempting to breach the stasis charms eight years ago. The entire incident was covered up, but it made them realise that everythingÑdespite the stasis charmsÑwould be reduced to ash once the fire was out. At some point, it seems they decided it wasn't in their best interest." "Explains why my requests were denied." Draco's quiet anger was growing. "You tried?" "Several times." Of course Hermione hadn't known, nor did she have a way to. "It won't be long now." "No, it won't." Kingsley nodded. "I plan to be there for the occasion." Draco blinked then nodded once, and kept his eyes trained on the document and his emotions under lock and key. He would pretend to be fine, but Hermione knew the day would be a tough one, met with both excitement and trepidation. Dread and conviction. A fear and curiosity of the unknown. "One final thing." Kingsley dug to the bottom of the parchment pile and pulled out one that appeared newer than the others. "A Wizengamot seat is a lifelong appointment, only death or retirement can remove someone. It's an elected position, but the one thing they did not change was the Minister's final say." Hermione said nothing, unsure where the conversation was going. "What did they change?" Draco asked. "Six years ago, they quietly passed a law allowing seated members to pass theirs to another in their family, but only if they retire." "Which explains why Cormac was endlessly bragging about taking his Uncle's role." Hermione hadn't said his name in weeks, but Percy's only comment was that he was enjoying getting every scrap of information from the man. She was quietly appreciating the media's obsession over his involvement. "He was listed as Tiberius' successor, but since he didn't retire, his seat is not available for Cormac to assume, not even on an interim basis. It is a seat that I am allowed to fill until the elections in May." Kingsley looked from her to Draco. "It's yours, but only if you want it." Hermione's eyes widened. Draco didn't speak for a full minute, but when he did, his voice was even. "You forget who I am." "Quite the opposite. I asked because of who you are." "No one would ever trust a Malfoy in any position of power." "I would." Once again, Hermione and Kingsley spoke as one. "Why?" Draco clenched his jaw. "I'm notÑ" "Good?" Kingsley interjected. "A good man never thinks he's good enough. A wise man never believes in anything before examining it himself. An intelligent man never has to prove he is intelligent. An impartial man does not influence the minds of others. These are the makings of a good judge." "Why are you asking me?" "It's not at all to do with our friendship or our mutual respect. I am asking because I know you would be exceptional." Kingsley levelled him with a look that Draco ignored. He wouldn't look at her either, only in the direction of the door. But that mattered little to Kingsley when he had something to say. "There are others on the wrong side of a bad decision who deserve the chance you received. Perhaps they are young, and in need of a second chance to make a better future." Draco seemed to mull it over, his hand resting on hers, but in the end, he shook his head. "It's tempting, a position of power would beÑbut no. Even if I had an interest in politics, I wouldn't accept it, nor do I want that sort of power. I already have plans once I finish, and they lie outside of the Ministry." Kingsley nodded. "Fair enough." The lone parchment folded itself in half. "Then I wish to know who you would choose to fill the seat I intended for you." December 31, 2011 Holes. One continuous edge that could be expanded or filled. Hermione gripped the handle of the first shovel she'd held in months and dug a hole under the artificial lights of the greenhouse. She dug and dug. Beads of sweat ran down her face. It hurt. Straining and trembling, determination eventually overtook pain. Susan would be upset, but Hermione could only exhale her relief at the physical proof of accomplishment. It wasn't the deepest hole she'd ever dug, or the widest, but it served as a reconnection between herself and the earth. She placed a stasis charm over the area, leaving the hole open and ground prepared for her next project, and sighed. It was the last day of the year. The one day Hermione reserved to reflect on the past and plan for the future, but in an unexpected decision, she closed her eyes and had no desire to do either. She just breathed. In and out, her lungs expanded and contracted, and her heartbeat settled as the world faded. When Hermione opened her eyes, Draco was there. She hadn't heard him enter, but there he was, standing beside her kneeling form. He offered her his hand, and when she accepted, he pulled her to her feet. After dusting the dirt from her knees, they walked in a silence that would have made Hermione feel awkward just six months prior. But the steady sync of their footsteps, coupled with the warmth and peace between them, created a comfortable moment. Hermione counted each time Draco looked over at her as if he wanted to speak but kept changing his mind, and added it to the times he started and stopped. The number was oddly high. Which meant he was nervous. "You're up early." Draco finally broke the silence when they reached the back of the greenhouse. "I dug my first hole." Hermione held out her dirty hand. It was still trembling when she brought it close to her chest, opening and closing her fist until it felt a little better. "Why are you up?" "Your father called to check in." Her parents' noon was their midnight, and the Grangers had called to wish them a Happy New Year. She didn't expect another call until at least after Scorpius got up, depending on how they'd spent their first day of the year in Fiji. Morning calls were purely for Scorpius' benefit and he looked forward to one with her dad, but despite his excitement, the little boy was often too shy to speak, so Hermione served as translator. Her dad never minded, though, and always made a point to talk as though Scorpius was listening. "I'll just go wash my hands first andÑ" "Wait." Draco gently caught her by the arm. Hermione watched as Draco aimed a cleansing spell at her hands followed by a gentle healing spell that lessened the trembling. "Thank you. I really should go and return his call, though." "No need. He called to check on me this morning." "Why?" "To see if I'd given it to you." It? Draco exhaled and looked around before reaching into the pocket of his joggers. They were beneath the same set of trees that witnessed their silent dance in October when the greenhouseÑand by extension her worldÑwas smaller. On the cusp of change. The word rattled in her ears once again when Draco showed her the ring. "I'm ready to finish this discussion." Intense eyes softened as he stepped closer. "But I don't want this to be about my mother or Scorpius or anything else. Just you and me." For the second time, dizzying emotions called her name as her heart raced to the rhythm of her zipping nerves. All she could do was stare with wide eyes at the familiar gold ring with two leaf-shaped emeralds around a simple diamond. This was no traditional heirloom. It wasn't a ring from the Malfoy family vaults. It was far more precious than she could have imagined. There, in a box right in front of her eyes, was a ring once worn by a grandmother she'd never known. A piece of her family that her father had preserved knowing he didn't have a son to pass it on to. Until now. "I think your father knew I'd ask before I did." Draco huffed out a quiet laugh. Hermione did the same, though hers was far more shaky. "I know it's quick. When he gave it to me, I thought months would pass, not weeks. It wasn't until you suggested a ceremony for my mother's memories that I began to want it for every reason except that." "Draco." His name was the answer to a question she hadn't known she was asking until that moment. A hush settled over everything. Her breath caught in her throat. Every spiralling thought slowed and faded to dust. "I'm not asking for today, but when you're ready, put this ring on the correct finger." "I don't need time to answer a question I've already asked you once." As always, Hermione was drawn to him like the pull of gravity. With her hand on his jaw, she held his gaze. "I chose you already. If you want this, ask me today. Ask me now." Draco's shock was visible, but he recovered with a slow smile and lowered himself to one knee. Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone; it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new. Ursula LeGuin Chapter End Notes A/N: Thank you for all the love and support and reviews! Hope you enjoyed this chapter. While thinking about Draco's character and how he expresses love, I stumbled upon Accident Report in the Tall, Tall Weeds by Ada Lim—n, and was inspired, particularly the end "I can't help it, I love the way men love." He's taken his time to learn her, he remembers Hermione's preference on how she wishes to impact the world, that she loves plants and useful things, and each gift he gives her is just that. And her gifts to him have been equally as meaningful. I've loved writing this journey. Sigh. "He loves her to the point of creation." Special shout out to Jaxx, the only person who can make me scream before 6am and I'm not mad about it. Art for this chapter: Teddy and Narcissa by oukyn Embedded art by Jaxx-in-a-box [ Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Chapter 40: WayDown We Go Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Forty Way Down We Go January 1, 2012 Nature continued to slumber long after the sun broke free of the horizon. But Hermione didn't. Drawing Draco from sleep, she took advantage of the empty house. A gasp morphed into a hiss as he buried his fists in her hair, and a swear sliced through the room when she took him deeper. Testing the rhythm and pressure, she sucked him off until tears leaked from her eyes. His grip tightened around her curls in a warning she took as an invitation to keep going. Draco fell apart with her name on his lips. "Good morning." Hermione's sleepy, sated smile stayed as she rose to her hands and knees and turned away from him. The bed dipped behind her as Draco moved, and she jolted at the brush of his lips on her arse cheek. But Hermione closed her eyes, relaxing at his touch, and let him mould himself around her body to fit every curve. They travelled from the depths of passion to the heights of pleasure until their limbs trembled. Draco's finger was firm against her clit, and his teeth were slotted just so on her neck while his cock throbbed deep inside of her. With the angles of their bodies so perfectly aligned, she could feel the rush of her impending climax growing ever closer. His, too, if his broken rhythm and panted curses were to be trusted. Control was but a figment of her imagination as she came with her head thrown back on his shoulder and her spine bowed against his chest. Curled against Draco's chest and coming down from the high of release, Hermione feathered her fingers back and forth along his jaw before brushing her thumb across his lips. "This is, by far, my favourite way to start the day." The slight curve of his lips was all she saw before Draco twined their fingers together and kissed the ring they'd decided to keep secret. Last night, she'd done just that with a pair of gloves during the muted fireworks that rang in the new year. Today, it would be accomplished with concealment charms. No questions. No answers. For now, they would just enjoy the change so surreal it felt too right to be wrong. "We have nowhere to be until noon." Hermione dropped a kiss just above one of his old scars. With Scorpius at Andromeda's, it would have been longer, but Pansy decided last night to host an impromptu New Year's Day brunch at Theo's family estate. Fancy attire for everyone, even the children. Draco didn't want to attend, but Hermione suspected the event had to do with Narcissa's lament over missing the society celebration. "If you have enough energy, we can do something else." Her original assumption had been more of what they'd spent the morning doing, perhaps in different locations, but Draco's idea led to breakfast and a trip through the Floo to the empty former Malfoy house. After listening to the security briefing from the Aurors assigned to patrol the area, they changed into swimsuits. Draco swam laps with easy, unhurried strokes while she laid on a towel and read a book. With the temperature charms turned up, despite being indoors, it felt like a summer day. And though the tale of a woman's quest to forge her own identity unshaped by the expectations of others made for an interesting read, Hermione's surroundings were far more captivating than the tale spun between the pages of her current book. Draco swam like he fought: effortlessly. Now with a healed shoulder, he barely seemed to burn any energy during each lap. Each pass was sleek. He'd dip and turn upon reaching one edge and propel himself off the wall, resurfacing with a breath she scarcely heard before he powered through the water and repeated the process all over again. She could have watched him for hours, but Draco abandoned his solo pursuit to join her. He didn't get out of the pool, only rested his wet arms on the edge, giving her a heated stare. "What is it?" "Nothing." His eyes left hers and burned a path down her body. "Just admiring the view." Hermione rolled her eyes but laughed. "Has anyone ever told you that you're a terrible flirt?" "And here I thought scheduling arguments wasÑ" "What?" Draco's amusement was vibrant in his deep chuckle. "You really were oblivious. Then again, I wasn't clear. Before you start overthinkingÉ come here." The command was soft and by the time Hermione moved to obey, he swam off towards the middle of the pool. "Before I overthink? You should know by now I'm going to do that anyway." Hermione abandoned her book in favour of jumping in the water that was warmer than it looked. The swim to him was slow, and she was out of breath when she resurfaced. "I'm-I'm not a strong swimmer." "You don't need to be." Draco was right. Time passed as they circled and occasionally splashed each other. Laughter and teasing jabs echoed in the empty space, but it all stopped when Draco pulled her flush against him. Tension flowed between them like a river about to spill over its banks. Hermione locked her arms around his shoulders and her ankles around his hips. "FiancŽ." Hermione settled in his embrace. Grey eyes sharpened and his smile faded into something reverent. "What? I'm just trying the word out." "And?" His pause was long, and the silence loaded. "How does it sound?" "I like it, though I think our final names will suit each other best." Draco hesitated twice before drawing her into a kiss that spoke of tenderness, vulnerability, and a whisper of something he'd found without searchingÑcontentment. He wouldn't say more than necessary, but Hermione had already translated the language of his affection and returned it in kind. Once they emerged from the pool, she all but dragged him back through the Floo to prepare for the brunch he admittedly attempted to distract her from remembering. It hadn't worked. By the time Hermione finished showering, selecting one of the many dresses she owned but never wore, and taming her hair into something respectable, Draco was ready. She took over fixing his onyx cufflinks. "Do you like it?" "I do." "Worth the trip?" Her question earned her a raised brow as his eyes dipped to the low cut of her fitted, maroon dress. "I know you don't want to go." "I'm willing to compromise." But a choppy Patronus from Andromeda altered the course of their day. ÉMungo'sÉScorpius with meÉTheo's officeÉNarcissaÉcouldn'tÉ Draco was frozen. Another nightmare was coming to fruition. ÉwentÉcollapsedÉCharles is with herÉstable butÉ Draco was gone before the message finished. Hermione sent Luna a Patronus asking her to come watch A before summoning her hospital badge and following Draco through the Floo. Scorpius was wedged between Andromeda and Teddy on the sofa, leaning against the former and holding the latter's hand. Theo sat on the other side of the older witch holding both boys together. They were all anxious. Waiting. Hermione was jarred by more than just the occupants of Theo's office. Everything about it was different, even the location, judging from the window on the opposite wall. The decor was changed from the ceiling all the way down to the floors. She wondered if he'd found it just as difficult to sit in there as Hermione thought she would, but there was no time to reflect. Teddy was stiff, but his emotions were on display through the wild array of hair colours as Andromeda carded her fingers through the strands to comfort him. Scorpius was harder to read, looking anxiously at his cousin when his father signed to ask if he was okay. Andromeda stood and gestured to the other side of the office for them to follow. Draco led the way, but Hermione carefully stooped before the boys. Scorpius scooted closer to Teddy in clear concern for his cousin, whose silence contrasted the chaotic cycling of his hair. When Hermione cupped Teddy's cheek, a rebel tear finally slid free as Teddy closed his eyes and leaned into her touch. "IÑ" He swallowed thickly. "I tried to help. Nan said I did, butÉ" A few more tears broke free before he whispered, "I was scared." "Just like there's happiness in sadness, there's bravery in being afraid." Hermione soothed the teenager struggling to hold back a sob, swiping a thumb over his cheek. Her eyes slid to Scorpius, who was studying his hand, opening and closing his fist. She started to speak to him, to check how he was feeling, but Scorpius looked up. "Mum told meÉ" Scorpius' small voice broke the silence. "It's okay to be sad." "That's right, love." Hermione reached for Scorpius' hand. "We all get scared. I'll tell you a secret: I'm scared, too. It's normal. I don't know what happened yet, but I'm really proud of you both because you're here right now and you're being really, really brave." Teddy looked at his cousin, then her, before he wiped his face and caught his breath as his hair began to settle. Hermione didn't understand the context behind the teenager's fear just yet, but she gave each boy a piece of candy and left to join the others. When she looked back, she found Theo in Andromeda's former seat next to his godson. Only then did she notice the reverence on his face, likely for the same reason a flush pinkened Scorpius' cheeks. She often forgot the gift of the little boy's voice was still new for so many in his life. Offering them the privacy they deserved, Hermione turned her attention to those waiting for her. "This morning didn't start out well." Andromeda ran a shaking hand through her hair. "Narcissa was a bit listless after dressing for brunch, so Teddy kept her company while I got Scorpius ready. Charles and Keating were discussing the incident over breakfast when Teddy called for us all in a panic." "Did anything unusual happen?" Draco asked. "Oh. She had some difficulty swallowing tea." Which was both a new issue and a hint of the disease's progression. The tension on Draco's face was a reminder of the research he'd done on his own. He knew. "When we came in, Teddy said she'd alerted him." Andromeda's voice was thin yet steadyÑ the embodiment of her inner war between ingrained restraint and devastating emotion. "Narcissa couldn't speak, couldn't respond, and then she-she fainted. Charles said her heart rate was low-too low. So he brought her here. She's stable for now, but completely disengaged. She doesn't remember anything or anyone. Not even me." Narcissa always remembered Andromeda. "Charles asked me to wait here while he and Roger ran tests. He found a bruise and a little blood on the back of her head. At some point this morning, she must have hit her head on something and didn't tell anyone. He said a concussion would explain her symptoms." Hermione looked at Draco, who seemed to be listening with rapt attention. Like a sponge, he was absorbing her words with little reaction. "I'd like to see her." Hermione recognised the storm. She wanted nothing more than to calm it. "What room is she in?" "Private Suite One." They peered over at the two boys and Theo, who was speaking very calmly to Teddy. Scorpius' head was barely visible over the back of the sofa, but what they could see of it was leaning on his cousin's shoulder. Hermione was the one to break the news. "We'll be right back, okay?" When Scorpius began to move, she placed a hand on his knee before signing as she said, "Stay with Teddy. Keep him company. He's better with you here, right?" Teddy nodded. Scorpius agreed slowly. Hermione kissed both of their foreheads then headed for the door, turning just in time to catch Draco ruffling Teddy's hair when it flashed Draco's shade before finally settling into a deep turquoise. He signed to Scorpius, gave Theo and Andromeda looks, and joined her. Their walk was slow as Hermione stifled her own growing thoughts and tried to focus on steadying him. She clipped her identification badge onto her dress just in time for a Mediwitch to come around the corner. When Draco was asked for identification, Hermione stepped in with ease. "That won't be necessary. I'm escorting Mr Malfoy to Private Suite One." The witch allowed them to pass. The door to Narcissa's room opened just as Hermione was poised to knock. "I'm glad you're both here." Charles didn't seem surprised to see either of them. "How is she?" Draco asked. "Stable and resting, but refusing to comply. Roger is finishing and Sachs is trying to convince her to eat something so we don't have to take alternative methods to address her low blood sugar." Charles tucked his parchment and wand into his robe and looked back and forth between them. "Do you both have a moment? We need to talk." Hermione didn't like the sound of that, but she followed as Charles led them both to his office. Next to her, Draco was stone-faced, devoid of emotions except the slight shake of his hand when their fingers brushed. They were in public and he was Occluding, but she wanted him to knowÑshe needed to remind himÑthat she was still there. Beyond the wall built for self-preservation, she was standing by his side. She was on his side. With him. Always. Their eyes met, and for a moment his cleared, focused, before he gave her a little nod. Something inside of her unfurled before they all entered a smaller room. An office. Charles' office. There were boxes packed in the corner, things he'd brought to start one position but had no time to unpack or sort before beginning another. His desk had a few personal effects, and six neat stacks of patient folders, but little else filled the space. Charles retrieved the parchment from earlier and floated it between them where they could all see. "These are her scans from today." A moment of searching his desk later, then a second parchment joined the first. Draco squinted while Hermione dug around for a spare pair of reading glasses she'd started carrying in her bag. Draco seemed surprised when she offered them to him. "These are from October when she started the experimental potion." A few more parchments joined the first two. "These range from November through December." Several more lined up in a neat row. "And these track each month since March, when Miss Granger did her baseline tests." Hermione had to step closer to see the differences, but they were there. "These results areÉ unexpected." "How so?" Draco asked. Charles opened a folder on his desk, charming another set of results to blur the patient's name before they joined the hovering display and arranged themselves beneath Narcissa's. Hermione looked at each, not seeing the difference in the scans untilÑ Well, the scan for November was different. As was December's. And today's. Hermione's interest was piqued. "When we began the experimental potion at the end of October, I said she was at the midway point of the disease. Her scans were identical to the patient I used as a baseline in my research. The new symptom today confirms my belief. It's normal to oscillate between phases, but when comparing results, IÑ" He kept up September's scan through the most recent for both patients and waved off the others. "See here. If everything had continued along similar trajectories, all of these should look identical." But they didn't. Not exactly. Hermione held her breath. "Does that meanÑ" "I'm not sure what this means exactly, only that she was progressing as anticipated until November. Now, the rate of decline doesn't align. In fact, she's trending a little over a month behind, give or take a week in some scans." Charles pulled today's scan over to the scans of the patient that should have trended in line with Narcissa's November. Those were identical. "In factÑand I'll have to confirmÑbut I don't believe her results match any patient at her current phase. Additionally, I have noticed Narcissa doesn't have delusions. By this point, it's rare if a patient hasn't had at least one delusional incidentÑpersecutory, mainly, but your mother only has hallucinations." Draco took off his glasses and pinched the bridge of his nose. "What does this mean?" "Today was the first incident of this kind. We'll keep monitoring her, and I don't plan to alter anything because it can be directly attributed to a physical cause. Keep brewing the experimental potion and propagating the ingredients. I don't want to speak too soon, but I have a suspicion that something in this potion is slowing the progression of her disease, even if only slightly. I don't know what, why, or how, but the scans are rather convincing." "Theoretically, if we isolate the components, and figure it out, we couldÉ" Hermione was surprised by the swell of emotion at the thought as it all came together. "Slowing it down is just the first step. Eventually, we might be able to find a way to reverse it." "Only in theory right now." Charles tapped his wand on the parchment. It glowed, highlighting the parts of Narcissa's scan where her brain was progressing differently than the other patient's. "We'll continue to perform routine scans, but this potion is more promising than anything else I've encountered in my years in this field." "We can ask the research team to begin studying the potion, and isolating the compound effects of each ingredient. Draco, what do youÑ" All of Hermione's racing thoughts screeched to a halt when she noticed Draco's hands clutched behind his back. He was comparing the two scans that had sparked the initial excitement, yet he seemed troubled. Hermione said his name, but Draco looked away and down, turning his back to them and the scans. "It's too late for her." His voice was toneless, defeated, as if the truth of something he'd known for weeks and months was sinking in all over again. "Even if we isolate the cause of the unexpected results, she's progressed too far." Hermione and Charles exchanged looks. More experienced with comforting the families of patients, he took the lead. "It is easy to focus on what will be lost, but your mother is still here, and she needs you now more than ever." Draco exhaled a slow breath, nodding solemnly. "We will need to discuss care going forward," Charles said after a moment of silence. "I believe the move to Andromeda's home has been for the best. The area is smaller and there are less ways for Narcissa to injure herself, but her fall today means she can no longer be alone. Some new safety measures must be enacted as well. No travelling by Floo alone, not even to familiar places. We will charm the floors to stop her from falling and take other preventative measures. Believe it or not, Occupational Therapy has been helpful. She knew to alert Teddy that something was wrong." "What does she want?" Draco's question surprised them both. "She's not giving up," Charles said with conviction. "Her mood today is the result of what has happened and not her overall feelings on the matter. She wants to continue working to maintain her quality of life for as long as possible, and I intend to continue working with her." "How long do you think she has?" "Until today, I would have given her another year." Charles pulled down two of the scans and looked them over. "However, should she maintain this slightly slower rate of decline, I could safely add a few more months. It's hard to say anything definitively right now. I'll need time to sit down and compare these cases, quantify the changes. Knowing the potion is slowing the disease is one thing, butÑ" "It's still a progressive disease." Inevitable. "That's correct." Charles approached Draco, carefully placing a hand on his shoulder. "I've admitted Narcissa. She'll need to stay for a few days for observation, as she's refusing to eat. You two should go be with her, help her relax, and try to get something into her system." They left to aid in those efforts, and Hermione reached for Draco's hand as they stood in front of the door to Private Suite One. "Do you need a moment alone?" "No." They entered together to find Narcissa alone and awake, staring in the direction of the window with the shades pulled back. She was far paler than Hermione had ever seen her, looking frail in the hospital bed. Hermione peeked at the parchments monitoring Narcissa's vitals while Draco took the lone seat, then his mother's hand. His touch sharpened Narcissa's focus, but her eyes were still glassy. "Mother." "Draco." She tried to sit up, but he stopped her. "You are here." "I am." He seemed to exhale the same relief Hermione felt at Narcissa recognising him. "Rest." The snap of Hermione's heels on the floor made Narcissa turn to her, taking in her attire first. "Are you a Healer?" Apparently, Hermione's identity was temporarily lost. "I am, but I'm off duty. I was just reviewing your vitals." She offered a patient smile, feeling as mixed as she often did when Narcissa forgot her. "I'm Hermione Granger. It's a pleasure to meet you, Mrs Malfoy. I'm going to sit in the corner and monitor you, if that's okay?" "Yes." Hermione swiped the folder Roger had left behind and took a seat, reading his notes while Narcissa's tired blue eyes focused on her only son. "I wish you were angry with me, Draco," she whispered sadly. "I wish we were still fighting." "Why?" His voice cracked with a torrent of emotions that battered the walls he'd built so high. "So you would not look at me like you are now." "I was angry, for years, even after Astoria told me to let it go for my sake." Remorse reappeared. Narcissa closed her eyes and bore its weight. "We are doing better, but I fear you think it is too late for us." Draco only looked down in response. His mother let go of his hand, bringing hers to his cheek and slowly caressing it. "I am still here, Draco." Narcissa spoke as firmly as her frail body would allow. "Try not to look at me like I am already gone." Draco leaned into his mother's touch as if it were all he could do. His jaw tensed just enough to seal in his thoughts, but two whispered words slipped through. "I'm trying." The arrival of Padma and Theo could be explained, but Parvati being between them meant only one thing. Trouble. They entered the room one by one. Arms folded, Draco's stance spoke of preparation for anything, but his eyes lacked the same fortitude. He was tired. Hermione remained where she was, but closed Roger's notes; she'd been too distracted to read them. The way Padma looked at Parvati to begin made even Narcissa take notice and sit up In the end, it was Theo who cleared his throat. "I've already terminated the source of the leak, but the information is out." Draco stiffened. "What information?" "I was called into work to write a major story that's set to break." Parvati didn't hesitate. "Skeeter wants it released in the evening edition to beat the rest of the papers set to release in the morning." She stepped closer. "It's about you, Mrs Malfoy. As of tonight, your illness will no longer be a secret from the public." Narcissa said nothing. "How much will it take to kill the story?" Draco looked ready to hand over as many Galleons as it took. "The leaker was paid four thousand Galleons for the information in a bidding war that The Daily Prophet won. The other papers still know enough to publish their own version of the truth." "What information leaked exactly?" Hermione left the folders behind and stood at the end of the bed. "Is it something that can be disproven?" "We received copies of the records of today's incident. IÑ" Parvati shoved her hands in her pockets. "I can say no to writing the article, but I have no access to steal the information back or erase it. There are copies and too many people know." It had already spread beyond the point of containment. "The hospital will take legal action on the leak for releasing confidential medical records." Theo was seething. "Their licence will be suspended, and they'll be forced to pay back what they made plus more in penalties." Hermione's mind was racing. "As far as stopping the news from getting out, you would have to move quickly and draw papers for approval toÑ" "No." Narcissa's lone word silenced the room. "That will not be necessary." "ButÑ" Theo's argument fell on deaf ears. "Pride cometh before the fall, but more than that, it is time to face this." Poised in spite of her undone state and current condition, Narcissa's resolve was as strong as her spirit. "I have hid this for a long time. For what reason? To save face? Fear of pity or stigma?" "It's none of their business," Draco argued. "No, it is not, and TheoÑdo what you must to punish the person who violated my privacy, but I cannot run from this. I cannot hide. And I will not." "You don't have to do this." Hermione moved to Draco's side. "We can cover this up. We can Ñ" "Who am I to you?" Narcissa's eyes narrowed at her. It wasn't rude, only curious. "You fight like I mean something to you." "You do." Hermione placed a hand on her frail leg covered in blankets. "You should be allowed to accept your disease without the world knowing, without the public making profit off of your life, withoutÑ" "Why? When I die, rumours will swirl and bury the truth. Right now, I have just as little control over the muscles of my body as I do over how I will die. But this I can control. I have already told the story of my life, now I would like to tell the story of what will ultimately cause my deathÑat least while I still can." Blue eyes shifted from Hermione to Parvati. "Will you help me?" "I will." Parvati ignored everyone's looks except Narcissa. "This is your story to tell, not theirs." "Thank you." Narcissa inhaled. Draco seemed torn, but he nodded. "What do you need, Patil?" Parvati patted her bag. "I have everything, but once I finish interviewing her, I'll need a quiet place to work on the article. It's due in two hours." "You can use my office," Padma offered before leaving to update the others. Draco began to leave with Hermione and Theo, but Narcissa stopped him with one request. "Stay." Some stories were easy to tell, others were not. Hermione always considered Narcissa's dementia one of the most complex, but still, she thought Scorpius should have been told of it months before. It was a battle she had reluctantly recused herself from, though now she learned it was also one she didn't need to fight. Leaned against her old office door, she watched a father and his son connect. After Narcissa's interview, Padma had brought both Malfoys here and summoned them lunch trays, but while Scorpius was happily working his way through the options, Draco had yet to unwrap anything on his tray. He focused on cutting slices of apples for his son as he talked in plain terms about what happened earlier that day. Much like he had about Astoria and the playground attack, Draco had explained it to Scorpius in his own time, in his own way. And here he was, doing it again. "Do you remember when I said your grandmother was sick?" Scorpius nodded, accepting a slice and biting into it while Draco cut another. "Do you remember what you're supposed to do when something's wrong?" Get Mum, he signed comfortably. "That's right." Warmth swelled in Hermione's chest as she thought back to August when he knew to alert her that something was wrong. She remembered his lack of reaction each time Narcissa called him Draco or forgot who he was entirely. Maybe he'd been talking to Scorpius longer than she'd realised. The little boy couldn't possibly understand everything, but he knew enough. Which was more important than ever. "I can help." It was always Scorpius' first instinct. A tired smile curved the corners of Draco's lips. "You already do." "Like Teddy?" Draco nodded slowly. "Exactly like that." Scorpius was nearly finished with his tray when he signed a question instead of accepting another apple slice. Dad, are you sad? Momentarily taken aback, Draco blinked, but he never got a chance to answer. Hermione had been spotted. Not by him, but by Scorpius as he rushed to her side. All finished, she signed. Yes. Are you ready? Yes. For all of his eagerness and all the conversation they'd had about hospital rooms on the way to Narcissa's, Scorpius lingered by the doorway when they actually got there. Draco went to his mother's side, next to Pansy and behind where Teddy was seated on the edge of her bed. Hermione put the tangerines Scorpius had insisted on bringing from his tray in her bag for safe keeping and stayed with him. The little boy wasn't ready to enter and no one would force him. Draco was the epitome of patience. He waited until his son met his eyes before extending his hand as both a bridge and a lifeline, all in one simple gesture. Face devoid of everything except a careful contemplation, she now recognised it as an expression reserved for Scorpius alone. Each little step was heavy with hesitation, and his hand tightened in hers, but Scorpius bravely made his way to his father's side before taking his hand, too. Linked through the common thread of touch, with one little hand in each of their own, Hermione had another unexpected epiphany. Draco wasn't just being strong for his son, he was leaning on him, too. They were all drawing strength from one another. "Scorpius." Narcissa's voice was gentle. "I am fine." She offered a weak smile to the little boy who worried his bottom lip with his teeth before getting his father's attention and signing a question. Surprise flashed across Draco's face, but he didn't let it linger. "He wants to know if he can get on the bed with you." Narcissa didn't deny him. Scorpius joined Teddy and Draco filled the space between his mother and Pansy while the teenager peeled tangerines Hermione retrieved from her bag at Scorpius' request. The first slice offered to Narcissa was rejected. "I am not hungryÑ" She paused at the sight of an insistent pair of blue eyes. "Maybe I will try one." One turned into two. Then three. Pretty soon, Narcissa was accepting the cup of warm broth she'd previously turned down while Teddy prattled on from one topic to the next and Scorpius held her frail, petal-veined hand. It was nearly midnight when Hermione left Charles' office after reviewing countless case files, and she was greeted by Andromeda asleep in a reclining chair with her hand in Narcissa's. Teddy and Scorpius were curled up together on the sofa. Hours before, Ginny and Percy had come with dinner and left with Pansy. Kingsley and Draco were speaking by the window, the former placing a hand on the latter's shoulder. Before leaving, Kingsley fixed the blanket covering Andromeda, which roused her enough to notice him, and he placed a kiss on her hand as they exchanged soft words. At Hermione's first yawn, Andromeda insisted that she would stay, and they should take everyone home for the night. She woke Teddy first, then dragged Draco from the window to carry Scorpius, leading the way back to Theo's office, where the whirlwind had started. She made certain both boys were comfortable in their beds then checked on Draco, only to find him in the shower. She joined him and they bathed in silence. After, as they laid together, she let Draco Occlude without question, in search of the peace he so desperately needed. When she was nearly asleep, he got up and said he'd be right back. Half an hour passed. Then double that. Hermione discovered him by accidentÑlittle more than a figure in the middle of the pasture she'd noticed while searching the house. A barely noticeable breeze stirred trees and bushes as she walked out to join him. The moonlight highlighted what she'd seen rolling off him all day in waves. Weariness. Draco took a sharp breath when she wrapped her arms around him. "Talk to me." "I don't know what to say." The unexpectedly honest answer caused Draco to clear his throat. "I'm tired." "Then let it all go tonight. You should rest." Hermione laid her head against his chest. Soon, they were matching breaths. She was offering peace in the form of shared silence and the balm of quietly reminding him of something he'd taught her in one of her lowest moments. The bravery in fear. The strength in surrender. The catharsis found in trusting another. "You're tired and I don't think you've let yourself feel anything about this." She knew his silence was confirmation. "But you can't keep this inside." Not when it had been clawing its way out. Still, Draco stubbornly tried to fight it while looking to the skies, then again once they were inside on the ottoman covered in blankets. But, in the end, a lifetime of cracks connected and he shattered. Healing was a cyclical journey of destruction and repair. "I'll be here. I'm not going anywhere." January 2, 2012 Percy looked surprised when Hermione stepped out of the Floo. "I know you were expecting Draco, but he's resting." Hermione watched Percy settle back in his chair. "I saw your name on his Magi-Scheduler and thought I'd come in his place before I start my first day as temporary Undersecretary." But not before making breakfast for Teddy and Scorpius and taking the former to Harry and Ginny's to visit while the latter crawled into bed with his father and a fed puppy. She'd left Draco a note, along with a cup of tea, charmed to stay warm. "I'm glad to hear that." Percy waited until she took the seat in front of his desk. "I was prepared to argue if he'd come through. How is Narcissa?" "Better today, it seems." Hermione had made a quick stop by the hospital before meeting Percy. Narcissa still looked tired. She'd recognised Hermione, enough to mention, with a quirk of her lips, that their breakfast had been delivered by Kingsley himself, making Andromeda fuss while she smiled into her tea. "They're keeping her for a bit to monitor her concussion." "I read the article last night. It was poignant, if a little bittersweet." Hermione had read it this morning when Padma had delivered a copy. "They've re-printed it in the morning paper." Percy nodded to a stack of different publications on his desk. "Outside of Tiberius' trial in two weeks for treason before the Council of Magical Law, it's all anyone is talking about." "Theo's fielding everything." The news. The media. The requests for comment. And he would continue to do so, even after she was back at Andromeda's. Until she said otherwise. "What were you and Draco supposed to meet about?" "Today's agenda." "Which is?" "I've had to take a different route with Draco's translations and the law research, as there is no single law to restore order in one declaration. I was going to go in there with everything I had, ready for war, but Draco suggested another approach." "Let me guess." Hermione smirked. "A softer touch." Percy narrowed his eyes. She'd gotten it right in one. "Let's forget about a particular law and focus on the root of the Wizengamot's power." Hermione frowned. "This entire system isn't built to last on a long-term basis. They've pieced together odd self-serving laws as patches. It's restrictive, inhibits growth, encourages inequality, and ultimately creates puppet leaders like the one sitting in a cell next to Tiberius." "The purpose of the law that stripped the Minister position of its power was intended to be a temporary solution, but they've kept it in place and manipulated it." Percy's jaw tensed. "When the Wizengamot took control of the government, the reason why made sense. Initially, at least. Kingsley was the fifth Minister in four years. A group was thought to be more trustworthy than any individual. Until faith was restored in the head of government again, it was logical for the Wizengamot to step in as an impartial oligarchy." "They are anything but impartial." "Exactly." Percy stretched his neck from side to side. "The law was for ten years of Wizengamot intervention, but two-thirds had to agree to restore the Minister's power after that, and then the Chief Warlock had to sign off. But when ten years were up, things were worse than ever. We began pressing for a vote, but they refused. Which is why I started the restoration." Hermione let his words sink in. "I still find it all interesting." "What?" "Why has no one on the Wizengamot dug deeper into the laws that keep them in power? Why has no one thought to use their perceived power to access the law books at the Cambridge Magical Library, or even the archives in the Hall of Records? They're either unbelievably arrogant orÑ" "It likely has to do with the lack of an overt challenge. They got comfortable and complacent." When Percy folded his hands, Hermione knew she had his full attention. "But go on." "The continued existence of these law books and scrolls Draco found point to their failings. If they were smart, they would vote to abolish each measure of opposition as they're discovered and presented." "True, but they can't. They don't understand the implications of each law or their translations, nor do they know the foundations of the system they are sworn to uphold, no matter how terribly they seem to be at their duties. In the process, they could destroy themselves, and by extension, the government." "Self-destruction at will." Hermione toyed with her compass necklace. "Might not be such a bad thing." "No, maybe not. But we don't have time for a Ministry-wide scorched earth policy." "This is what you would have forced them into doing, had you decided to go in there and challenge everything all at once." She dusted a stray bit of puppy hair off of her pinstripe blouse. "The shutdown taught us they are more than willing to sacrifice to avoid losing." Percy's frown deepened in acceptance. She wasn't wrong, but there was more to consider. Hermione spent several minutes looking over his work, skimming the translated scrolls in Draco's terrible handwriting, and thinking about it while Percy sipped his water. "We have two options." Hermione stood up and paced the room. "We could subdue them with their own corruption or fight it by strengthening the laws that reduce the capacity for such corruption to happen again. We have the ability to establish a clear definition of the government's reach." "How would I do that?" "By giving them a reason to return the balance to the Ministry." Percy tapped his fingers against the desk. "If it becomes more of a burden than a benefitÉ" "Exactly." "They still won't agree. It would be easier to just walk in with demands andÑ" "We were successful once with that method, but only because we made a spectacle by bringing in the people. It was a power move, and I will admit it worked, but we can't keep making power moves." They had to be smarter, more subtle. "What is it that you need to accomplish first?" "I have a list, but right now I'm working on a way to reinstate the Public Information Services department. The last Minister dissolved it and turned public relations into something the Wizengamot Administration Services handled." Giving control of what the public was told to those corrupting the Ministry from the inside. "It would make the fight against the Death Eaters or any future threats more efficient, especially when it comes to issuing public warnings." Which had not been done for as long as Hermione could remember. If ever. Officially, the threat level was still listed as light green. But it was quite the opposite. Changing the official designation would raise budget allowances for security and public events would be handled differentlyÑlike Quidditch games. Which went against Tiberius' objective to eliminate his problems. "Okay." Every new piece that fell into place only served to reignite Hermione's anger, but she had to focus. "Let's start small, with something we can tackle immediately. What could circumvent this particular rule?" "That's the thing, this department is modern. There are no translated laws that apply." Hermione sat down and crossed her legs, leaning her elbow on the arm of the chair as she pondered through every option. "You could list out everything this department would be in charge of in excruciating detail like a First Year's Potions essay. If it's anywhere near as backed up as the rest of the Ministry, it would overload themÑespecially if they're all urgent. They'll reach a point where they have to agree to pass it back or risk being exposed for negligence under the new leadership." "That'sÑmorally grey. Not to mention manipulative." Percy pursed his lips. "But it might work." All for the greater good. "From there, you systematically peel away their power one unenforced law at a time. Draco's translated laws can reverse or override the measures they've put in place. Technically, you don't even have to do anything for them to work like that. All you have to do is point out the flaws in the laws they established without bothering to look to see what existed beforehand. By rooting out and exploiting the technicalities in the legal language that were never properly explored, and just pushed through for their own personal gain, you can use what they changed against them." Percy pinched the bridge of his nose. "It'll be a slow process." "But a systematic one they won't understand how to stop." Hermione shifted in her seat. "I think you know as well as I do that restoration was never going to be a single act." "I'm aware, but I'm also under a time restraint." "Oh?" Percy took a deep breath. "I'm resigning effective the first of February." "What?" "It wasn't my plan. Not something I thought I'd ever do." Percy looked around his office. "But sometimes in order to weed out corruption you need a person on the inside." "Oh." Hermione inhaled sharply. "You're joining the Wizengamot." "Yes." He nodded and it was hard to read his thoughts on the move. "Kingsley asked the night he took over. I'm assuming one of the fallen member's seats, and so are a few other members of the restoration." Hermione winced, still unimpressed with most of them. "I know what you're thinking, but I believe what we've uncovered has made them all more determined to correct the injustices from the inside." The additions, plus the change of heart from the weaker members, would be enough to make real change and fulfil their ultimate goal: restore balance to the Ministry. "What I'm doing now is preparing my successor to take up the cause once I leave. I plan to have everything I need from McLaggen before the trial begins." "And until then?" "I'm going to peel away the rot, piece by piece." Percy chuckled low. "And using your method, I might even enjoy it more than I thought." Hermione laughed with him, but caught sight of her watch, rising to her feet. Her first meeting was in ten minutes. When Percy stood as well and picked up his wand, she tilted her head. "I believe you need an escort, Madam Undersecretary." Hermione's arrival was met with a silence too deferential for her liking. After introducing herself to the twenty or so new faces and hugging Deloris, she shook Kingsley's hand and followed him to the office door already plated with her name. "I made certain no one removed anything that belonged to the prior Undersecretary," Deloris said with a smile. "Oh, and thank you for the balm. How did you know I was nearly out?" Hermione paused. She hadn't given DelorisÑoh. The level of competence required had one explanation: Draco. "Anytime." Hermione's slow smile took credit for something Draco would never admit to. "How have you been?" "Much better now that Kingsley is back and change is underway." "Deloris and her secretaries have been vital to the transition, leaving the offices preserved with locking charms and finding information." Kingsley gave her a patient look. "I will leave you in her capable hands. I have a full schedule today putting out bureaucratic fires. Welcome back. I believe there was something delivered for you." Delivered? When Kingsley was gone, Deloris took out her wand and aimed it at the door. "Outside of clearing the desk of documents and moving them to the chair, everything has been kept the same, as requested." Hermione pushed the door open and looked around. The office was larger than expected and cluttered to the point of obstruction. Parchments, scrolls, and folders commanded almost every surface, including the sofa, chairs, and side tables. There was a wall of bookshelves hidden by a line of folders stacked almost as high, but she couldn't focus on any of it. Not when her delivery was sitting in the middle of the only clean surface in the room. The desk held only a fresh roll of parchment, a few quills, and a note folded next to one last thing Hermione knew wasn't courtesy of the secretary standing next to her. A steaming cup of tea. "How long ago was this placed here?" She wandered to the desk and picked up the note. You left without this - DM Her suppressed smile faded when she noticed Deloris' curious stare. "Your house-elf Zippy delivered it five minutes before your arrival. A note from someone special, I take it?" "Yes." There was no sense in hiding it. "Well, I'll leave you to enjoy your tea and get set up. I've made certain no one will bother you today." She frowned in confusion. "Why not?" "You need time to settle in, dear." "No, I don't." Hermione picked up her tea and drew a long inhale of bold hibiscus. "There's work to do, people to meet, and things to figure out as I begin to navigate this role. Do you have a list of the candidates for various staffing positions?" Deloris looked rattled. "Y-yes. Of course, I do." "Could you get those for me?" Hermione drifted over to the chair, picking up a folder on the top of the stack. "Also, can we spare anyone to go through these with me?" As it turned out, they couldn't, but Hermione took the task between meeting individually with the staff, learning their names and roles, and creating an ever-growing to-do list for the coming days. The first few files weren't very interesting. Aside from being personnel files specifically requested by the Minister that hadn't been delivered prior to his arrest, she didn't notice anything alarming. She briefly wondered if they were suspected restoration members, but if that were the case, the old Minister was either an especially bad detective, or the restoration's influence was much broader than she knew. Honestly, either option was more than viable. Moving on, she drifted across the room to the first set of bookshelves and plucked a file from eye level. The whole world opened with one look. The prior Undersecretary might have been silently complicit, but they recorded everything. Every correspondence between them and the Minister or Tiberius. Every requestÑdenied, approved, or strategically ignored. Every deal made. Officially and otherwise. All in black and white. Right in her hands. Complaints from every department were recorded and compiled together, too, filling up an entire bookshelf on their own. Most were against Tiberius, Cormac, and the MinisterÑ everything from harassment to negligence to wrongful termination. Several members of the Wizengamot had formal complaints mixed in the stacks. Flipping through file after file, Hermione's heart ached for the people victimised for so many years by a broken system and the power hungry tyrants allowed to run it without oversight. It would take time to create a trend, but each piece of information would be invaluable in the coming months as PercyÑand then his successorÑdismantled them piece by piece and exposed their incompetence just as they deserved. By the time Hermione noticed the clock, hours had passed and she had a healthy stack of evidence that needed to be hand delivered to the legal department for review. While attempting to put them in some semblance of order, there was a knock on her door. Two raps. Then a third. Hermione hadn't heard that knock in a long time, but she knew who it belonged to. "Come in." In the doorway was Draco, as expected, but it was Scorpius who came bearing a small box of gifts. Everything was put on pause, and Hermione barely pushed her chair back before the excited boy was at her side. "Hi, love." She pressed a quick kiss to his temple and he preened. Draco did the same, albeit more subtly, when she rose to her feet and offered him the same greeting. It was new, not something they'd done in front of Scorpius, but natural nonetheless. She turned back to Scorpius, who wasn't paying them any attention in favour of finding an empty spot on her desk to put the box. "What's all this?" "A few things for your new office." Draco leaned against the side of her desk and peeked at the empty teacup. A smile ghosted his lips. "Scorpius insisted." His accusation was confirmed with an enthusiastic nod. Hermione cleared a spot for him and glanced over at Draco. "Better today?" "Yes." Satisfied, Hermione proceeded to give her attention to Scorpius, who was bouncing from foot to foot. He really wanted her to see everything. A cutting of bamboo. A picture of them from Christmas. Artwork chosen from the wall of their home office. And a familiar glowing potato. Hermione set each item in their new place and thanked Scorpius with a hug. When they were all safely secured on her desk just to his liking, he finally broadened his focus to the office at large. Her very disorganised office. Scorpius' eyes grew three times their size. "I have a lot of work to do, huh?" He nodded. "I can help." "Not today." Draco chuckled and scooped up his son. "We're going to visit your grandmother." "I was just about to take these folders to the legal office. I found some additional evidence against Tiberius and the Minister. You can come withÑ" Hermione stopped when Draco's eyebrow began to climb. It dawned on her just what he was thinking. "I'm pretty sure Deloris saw you and Scorpius." "She did, and not for the first time. She's suspected something since you and Scorpius started coming to my office with lunch. She also knows I was on administrative leave forÑ" They both stopped and looked at Scorpius, who was listening far too closely. One little blond brow sat high on his forehead. The resemblance to his father was strikingly adorable. Draco coughed. "In that case, you two wait here, I'll be back." January 10, 2012 Hermione would have given him the world, but Scorpius only asked for one birthday gift. For everyone in his family picture to celebrate with him. He didn't care how or where, just that everyone was together. And though they had to make an exception for Teddy, who'd already boarded the Hogwarts Express back to school, he'd been granted permission to Floo call from the Headmistress' office. Next year, they'd arrange something early so he could be present. Scorpius' wish led to a full house. It was chaos with Halia crawling, the kids scrambling around, and Lily loudly trailing after them all. There were a few new additions to the festivities that weren't included in the painting, too. Kingsley came with Andromeda, and Charles brought his wifeÑgiven her friendliness with Andromeda, the assumption became clear they'd at least met. Another surprise was Gregory Goyle, who had come abroad ahead of his wife and children to look for a home that hadn't been tainted by his family's history. According to Draco, he was staying with Theo during the search. Hermione hadn't been around during each of his prior visits, so when he stepped out of the Floo, she had to orient herself quickly to the foreign concept of an adult Gregory Goyle. Standing in front of the fireplace, it was easy to see that he'd grown into his once hulking figure, now taller than Draco but not quite as tall as Blaise. Goyle's hair was still bristly and his eyes were small, but he wore glasses now and seemed strangely reservedÑa word Hermione never would have associated with the child she'd known at school. Draco's hand warmed the small of her back as he introduced her. "She's myÑ" Forever passed in the span of a single breath. "Mine." The glint in his eyes spoke silently of something she already knew. He was hers, too. "Good to see you." Greg offered his hand with ease. Once upon a time, this simple action had been beneath him; influenced by bigotry and scorn, he hadn't considered Hermione someone worthy of such civilities. But today, they were starting over. Sure, they had met before, but they were different peopleÑboth then and now. "It's nice to see you again, too, Greg." Knowing everything Draco had told her about Gregory Goyle prior to his arrival, his struggles during the war, after watching Crabbe die, moving to America, meeting the witch who eventually became his wife, and how much she bettered him along the way by helping him heal and emerge from the darknessÑit made it easy for Hermione to accept his olive branch. Their paths had been similar, no matter how different. No two journeys of growth and change ever looked alike. "Welcome." She leaned into the warmth of Draco's palm and gestured for Greg to join the others. Hermione sent Draco with a displaced houseplant in danger of Lily's wrath and a request to clear the children and puppy out of the conservatory. Met with a silent protest, she held his gaze until he huffed and went about completing the task, drawing the attention of the children who surrounded him in a flash. Greg looked over his shoulder while Draco put the plant on a shelf too high for little hands to touch, then reached down to pick up Halia before she crawled past him. James and Albus bounded out of the house ahead of Scorpius, who was holding A. His new watch was beeping, tuned to the time needed to take the puppy outside, and the boys jumped at every opportunity to assist. A smiling Lily hung off Draco's other arm, and he stopped when she pawed at his jaw to get his attention. She leaned close, then whispered, "I chase squirrels." Draco just blinked, not even dignifying her comment with a response. Hermione and Greg coughed. Halia and her uncle exchanged looks before she babbled something at him. "Right." He cleared his throat. "Excuse me. I'll be back." For just a moment, they were alone. "That's the last thing I ever expected to see." Greg's accent was worn smooth from years of living in California. "Draco's always been awkward around kids, even his own. I tried to give him advice but..." He shrugged. "I see things have changed." "They have." "Good. He's dropped hints on our Floo calls and in letters, but it's nice to see for myself. Nice to see ScorpiusÉ He's so different. My wife won't believe it when she sees him at the wedding next month." "Oh?" "After our last visit, his sorrow left her bedridden for two weeks." Greg shook his head. "My wife's an empath and she's sensitive to intense emotions. When we first met, she said my loneliness made her avoid me until she couldn't. I know she'll be happy to see him doing better." "Healing takes time. It's been a journey, but it's far from over." "I know that well." "So do I." A look of deep understanding passed between them before Hermione took out her wand to stretch and lengthen the table with a flick. Greg stood by as she transfigured the chairs, but stopped when she noticed him watching like a child who wanted to join. "You can help if you like." "Oh." He pulled at his sleeve. "I'm no good at Transfiguration." "Do you practice?" "You sound like my wife." The thought of her swept his stiff features into a soft fondness. "I practise but I destroy more than I create. We're working on it." Hermione continued making chairs for everyone while Greg looked around. "This isn't what I expected when he first told me about this place." "When was that?" "Here and there, I learned most about your greenhouse after you were hurt and Draco realised how much of what you grew was strictly for Wolfsbane. I helped facilitate some new connections for a more reliable supply. He has it all outsourced now, right?" She stopped and looked at him. "IÑhe doesn't talk about the details." "Can't imagine he would. At the time he soundedÉ lost." Greg cleared his throat. "Anyway, he asked and I made it happen." "I see why he wants you to manage the Apothecary." "I thought he was just too lazy to do it himself." Greg shook his head. "But now I realise he has more occupying his time than brewing and caring for Scorpius." Hermione tucked a curl behind her ear and summoned the table runner and plates from the kitchen. The runner stretched the length of the table before flattening itself, and each plate landed in front of a seat. All finished, she looked at a job well done, ready to lead the way back to the rest of the guests. "He wants to start renovating in July, any reason why?" Greg asked. She couldn't think of one. "I-I'm not sure." Greg's comment was all but forgotten by the time the party began in earnest. Scorpius spent the entire time red-faced, unaccustomed to being the centre of attention. He received more gifts than he asked for: a video full of birthday wishes from her dad in Fiji, a collection of suspenders and knitted bowties from Percy and Pansy, and a few gifts from the Potters, including dog treats for the puppy. Fresh out of the hospital, Narcissa gave him another memory. This time, he seemed to recognise the significanceÑanother thing his father must have explained to him. Nearly everyone else got him books. He'd have his own library soon enough. Scorpius couldn't seem to decide what to do first, but Draco already had plans, which moved the party, one by one, through the Floo to the Malfoys' former residence to utilise the indoor pool. By the time Hermione entered, holding the birthday boy's hand while he looked around with wide eyes, those who weren't swimming were lounging around on sofas with Zippy happily serving drinks as laughter, conversation, and infectious energy filled the air. Greg was conversing with Percy, which was the oddest match she'd ever seen. A few adults were swimming with the kids, and Scorpius pulled Hermione over to join them. Already wearing arm floaties, he wasn't nearly as shy about this gathering as he had been on Christmas. Harry and Ginny had corralled two of their three. The only one left was Albus walking back and forth on the edge and talking with animated gestures to a blank-faced Draco in the pool with his arms folded, subtly making sure the partly inattentive child didn't fall in the water. When George swam over and convinced Albus to jump in, it effectively ended Draco's guard duty, and he swam across the pool to join Hermione and Scorpius before Albus could resurface. His tattoos were glamoured as a measure of armour for the day, not that she could blame him. She was hiding something, too. Hermione swiped her thumb along the inside of her palm, and was greeted by the warm hum of magic. When Scorpius peered at the water, she looked at Draco. "You've never taken him swimming?" "No." Looking a bit embarrassed, he shook the excess water from his hair and opened his arms, ready to catch his son should he decide to jump in. Scorpius didn't. Not initially. But when Draco stepped closer with one signed requestÑtrust meÑScorpius plunged into the water. The moment that passed between them when Scorpius resurfaced in his father's arms was indescribable. They were both beaming. "Getting in, Granger?" "No, I'm going to stay for a little bit, then go back to make sure everything's ready for dinner. Maybe next time. You two have fun." And they did, along with everyone else. Draco took a patient lead helping his son get used to the pool. Neville and Luna were swimming around while Daphne sat on the edge with Padma and Parvati, the latter two cooing as Dean introduced Halia to the water. The baby looked about as sceptical as Parvati when Charlie tried to coax her into joining him. Apparently, Parvati couldn't swim, but she relented and took her first tentative step onto the ladder, demanding that Charlie not let her drown. He wouldn't, nor could he with the way she clung to him while a smiling Charlie drifted away from the edge. Padma whistled low when they were far enough away. "I've lit a candle for Charlie's sanity every night since Christmas." Dean and Daphne laughed as Hermione sat down on the edge. "I wouldn't worry." Hermione smiled. "He tames dragons for a living, and seems to be doing just fine with this one." That only made them laugh harder. "I heard he's extending his trip home long enough to come to the wedding." Pansy looked far more serene than she had at Christmas. "Percy told me." "I thought it was interesting, too." Dean made faces at his babbling daughter, who gave him a smile wide enough to show off both of her teeth. Then she put her wet hand on his face before trying to shove her fist in her mouth. "And on that note, pool time is over. How do you feel about peas?" Halia blew raspberries, which sounded like approval. Dean walked her over to the stairs and got out to dry them both off and take her back through the Floo. Daphne just smiled at her family before glancing over at another branch of it. Draco was showing Scorpius how to use the arm floaties. Hermione watched as well, her face growing warmer by the minute. "Are you blushing?" Daphne smirked. "No." "You are." Pansy drifted closer. "Must be the baby fever." Hermione sputtered through a cough. "Hear me out! I had a touch of it while shagging Percy this morning but yeahno. The orgasm temporarily eclipsed my good sense." "They tend to do that," Padma added. They all burst into fits of laughter. "But if that's the case, let me put some distance between us." Padma scooted away and ignored Hermione's glare. "Blaise and I are on a Five-Year-If-Ever Plan." "I do not have baby fever," Hermione argued. "We're stillÉ enjoying it all without worry, thanks to contraceptive potions." Daphne eyed her. "But you are thinking about it." "Not at the moment." Hermione shook her head. "We haven't even talked about it since Scorpius asked for a brother." "He what?" All three shrieked loudly enough to draw attention. At the table, Susan offered them a cocked brow before deciding she was better off not knowing and returning to her conversation with Charles and his wife. Ron was approaching, but quickly turned back to where a laughing Angelina was standing at the edge, talking to George, who had Albus on his shoulders mimicking the way she held her hands on her hips. Curious grey eyes met hers from across the pool. Scorpius waved with a toothy grin that she returned. They were drifting in the direction of Harry and Ginny in the shallow end, where Lily was sitting on her dad's shoulders. When Hermione looked back at her friends, they were all still staring at her with wild eyes. Waiting. "Oh." Hermione sniffed. "He didn't ask, per se, but he drew a picture of his family and it included a brother for him." Daphne and Padma cooed as if it were the cutest thing they'd ever heard. Pansy laughed and playfully splashed water in her direction. It didn't reach. "I see you have yet to say no." "Well, I'm not, but I'm not saying yes either. I like how we are now. I'm not opposed to staying like this or growing, but I'm leaving it up to Draco. For now, we've tabled the discussion, and we'll revisit it at a more relevant time. " "It'll be sooner than later, judging from the way he looks at you." Pansy waved off Hermione's eye roll. "Seriously, I'm shocked he hasn't proposed." "This soon?" Padma baulked. "Soon? It's far from uncommon. Draco's been courting Hermione for months." Daphne shrugged. "When you know, you know." Pansy's eyes narrowed into slits while Hermione did everything possible to avoid drawing suspicion. Her heart was racing, and her palms were warm, though from the concealment charms or her nerves she wasn't sure. "I'm also surprised you haven't shunned the idea." Pansy studied her every move. Hermione stayed very still. "It was another conversation topic." Padma whistled low, looking impressed. "You two went straight for the serious topics." "We wanted to be on the same page, which went as far as setting expectations for ourselves and each other." Their biggest concern thus farÑand the subject of most of their talksÑhad been one of the easiest parts of the transition: Scorpius. He didn't know yet of their engagement, but only because there were no secrets between him and Albus Potter. Just as there were few secrets between Albus and the rest of his family. News would spread everywhere before either of them could blink. It wasn't a bad thing, but the timing of Narcissa's hospitalisation coupled with everything else complicated matters andÑwell, she liked having this little piece to themselves. For now. "For us to seriously consider the future, there were a lot of things to discuss. Like changes to the house, for instance. Building an indoor pool, adding a second floor to the conservatory, and a library for all of the books we currently don't have room for. Catherine's role once Scorpius starts school. What happens when I start classes in March. We're even looking into more assistance for Andromeda now that she'll be caring for NarcissaÑwell, at least some type of assistance she'll be willing to accept." "There is that." Pansy shook her head. "Never thought I'd meet someone more proud. I offered to help with the layout changes needed and Andromeda insisted on paying me." "Yes, we're having the same issues but Draco's wearing her down." Or rather, negotiating. Hermione had only witnessed one of those sessions and the standoff between the two looked less like a conversation over tea than a battle of wills. After glancing at her watch, Hermione stood. "I should head back to get everything together." "This isn't over, Granger." Off-key voices sang Happy Birthday to a blushing Scorpius and cheered far too loud when he blew out six candles on his tangerine-shaped cake. While everyone ate, he approached Hermione to straighten his bowtie for pictures. "Did you make a wish?" Scorpius shook his head. Hermione tilted her head. "Why not?" The little boy leaned close and whispered, "It came true." When her brows knitted in confusion, Scorpius shyly pointed in the direction of his artistic interpretation of their family and she understood why he hadn't made a wish. He'd already gotten it. Tired from an afternoon of swimming and fun, the four kids and puppy fell asleep during the opening credits of a cartoon film. The number of guests dwindled until only the closest family and friends remained. Narcissa decided to take a nap in the guest room while the rest arranged around the table in the conservatory. Hermione set the charm to alert them if a child stirred. "All ready for school next week?" Ginny asked. "The children are excited." "About thatÉ" Hermione rubbed her temples. "Catherine will be back in two days and she'll collect their assignments each week to teach them here until things settle. Security still patrols the woods around the house." "Speaking of security." Theo pulled several small vials from his coat. "A little security measure of our own." Hermione's eyes widened. "How did youÑ" "I skimmed a few doses of the vaccine off the top when we delivered a shipment a few days ago for the Wizengamot members. I've taken one, Hermione doesn't need one as she's already been exposed to the poison, and I've been slipping them to everyone in attendance today who didn't stay. What's left is for you all." "Cho?" Padma gave him a look. "She's taken care of." Padma's eyes softened. "Thank you." "No need to thank me." Something unspoken passed between them before Theo gave her a small nod. Padma accepted the vial in his outstretched hand. "Narcissa?" Andromeda asked as they all reached for a vial. "Charles and Draco are working on that. I gave Charles a vial today to test for potential interactions with her current potions." "We're scheduled to work on it." Draco tipped back his dose. "Are youÑ" "Figuring out the dosing for the children? Yes. I have a team working the logistics now, but Hermione and I have a theory there won't be other attacks like we've seen in the past now that the Potions Master is dead and they have no means to replace him. Whatever stores they have is all there is, and we hope to find it and dispose of it all before they can organise another attack now that their hideouts are being systematically raided. Have you all found where they're keeping it?" "No, or I would have razed it to the ground." Draco's comment earned him a small nod from Harry. "Theo," Percy said once Pansy finished wincing at the aftertaste. "Have youÑ" "Limited my movements?" Theo had been surprised to learn their plan for him. "Yes. I've also increased the security at the hospital and warded my office, limiting who has access to only those in this room. Staying at my family estate. Travelling only via Floo." "This sounds intense." GregÑwho Hermione had forgotten aboutÑlooked around. "I heard the news off and on, and from Draco and Theo, butÉ" "It's been an interesting yearÉ Well, thirteen years, actually." Draco straightened when the small chime rang out. "Incoming." About thirty seconds later, the vials were Vanished and James came in with a request that moved the crowd into the living room. Albus wanted a sign language lesson. From Draco. "Uncle Draco's much better at it than Dad." Albus gave Harry a weak smile. "Sorry, but it's true." "You don't need to apologise." Green eyes glinted mischievously before he turned to Draco. "I'm certain Malfoy would love to give you all a lesson." "Fine." Draco gave Harry a glare cold enough to solidify mercury, but when he caught sight of the excited children, a slow, mischievous smile spread across his lips. "At least your children recognise natural talent." Harry's amusement vanished. "Oi!" "You kind of asked for that one, love." Ginny smacked her husband on the back and cackled. Ron was about to leave, but changed his mind and re-joined them for the show. Hermione smiled when the children insisted Draco needed to join them in the circle on the floor. Harry and Theo watched from the sofa after both were summoned by Al and Scorpius, respectively. Halia crawled into her uncle's lap while Draco started showing them how to sign the names of animals. Dean and Blaise openly snickered, Ron was red-faced in his attempt to hold back, and Ginny, Pansy, Daphne and the rest looked on. Hermione stopped to watch. And think. Maybe this was in their future, too. James was practically vibrating. "Don't forget to do the sounds!" "That defeats the purpose of sign language." Draco gave James a long look that was returned with a toothy grin. He turned to the others, waiting expectantly, in clear agreement with the oldest child, and sighed like a soldier who had lost his last bit of peace. He wasn't winning this argument. "Okay." They all cheered. Even Halia clapped without knowing why. Draco looked betrayed while the majority of the adults were highly entertained. Likely tired from the trip outside and all the attention he'd received that day, the puppy roused from the cheering then snuggled up to Scorpius' leg and went back to sleep. Cleaning was all but forgotten in favour of watching Draco teachÑand make the animals sounds. The kids, and even some of the adults, worked on arranging their hands and fingers as he instructed. She was so engrossed that she barely caught Blaise's raised brow, and had only a second to fix her face before he left Padma's side to join her in front of the cake remnants. "I see you've once again chosen completely." He nodded at her hand on the counter and Hermione shoved it in her pocket. "Relax. No need to act suspicious. I can't see anything, I've just become sensitive to charms due to my years in procurement. I have to know when a product is authentic or fake, and people like to use charms to hide things. I can feel something on your hand." "Did you tellÑ" "It's none of my business how you and Draco wish to make your own announcement, but a bit of advice? There's nothing wrong with enjoying it privately for as long as you want. It becomes a circus of questions and opinions when other people involve themselves in your business." They weren't in a hurry. "Do you regretÉ anything?" "No. But I'm glad we eloped." Blaise's smirk grew at the sight of Draco teaching the children how to sign lion, then it doubled when Draco committed to a convincing roar. Ron's face was redder than his hair and he looked ready to faint from laughter. "Our families are coming for a three-day wedding celebration that's going to test my patience with my mother and her husband, as well as my Hindi knowledge and dancing skills, but I've never been more relaxed because I'm already married. And we did it exactly how we wanted to." Blaise paused. "Of course, this is all just food for thought." "It hasn't been long, if that makes any difference." "Time is irrelevant." There was a certain magic in Blaise's eyes when he looked at his wife. "Seven years in and I still learn something new every day." "When did you know?" "I picked out Padma's ring after our first date. She spent most of it detailing, at length mind you, the reasons why we would never work." A smirk teased the corners of his lips. "Then I got to work on her list. I learned Hindi and her family's culture and customs. I waited until they accepted me to ask, not because I needed time, but because their approval was important to her. It was hard. Her family didn't care for me at first, but I don't consider any of it a hardship because I already knew what I wanted." The same certainty had been in Draco's eyes when he slipped the ring on her finger. And before that, under the olive tree. When he told her he was willing to give everything. When he told her he was a patient man. "Quality over quantity." Blaise rested a hand on her shoulder. "Two months, two years, two decades, the length of a relationship doesn't matter." Hermione nodded. "Uncle Draco, whales don't sound like that." Al got on his knees. "They sound like this! MwOOooo! WwwwEEEE!" Scorpius' laughter rang out above the whale imitation from Al, even after Lily and James joined the screeching. Draco looked directly at Hermione, who gave him two thumbs up, but his scowl deepened as her grin grew. The look slowly vanished when Scorpius' made whale noises, too. Expectant blue eyes landed on his father and more of his agitation withered away. Draco rolled his eyes and made a short whale noise. The kids beamed. Ron choked just before the room erupted with laughter. All the while, Hermione toyed with the ring on her finger. One by one, the children succumbed to their second sugar crash. Dean and Daphne took Halia home, and Harry and Ginny changed their kids and tucked them into the bed with Scorpius before sneaking out for an evening alone. Everyone else followed suit. Free of their guests, Hermione was left alone in the conservatory long enough to pour herself a glass of wine, prop up her feet, and enjoy the night sky. Draco joined her a short time later with two fingers of whisky and a fluffy puppy at his heels. "Everyone still sleeping?" "Everyone except him." Draco nodded at the ball of fur by his feet, but it didn't appear A would be awake much longer. "I set the charm again before I came out." "How did your Floo call go with your team?" "How do you know about that?" Draco cut his eyes at her. "Did you listen in?" "No, but you've been taking the calls every night for a week now." Hermione looped her arm through his. "What's going on? You haven't said much about them." "You know my team has been laying traps with your scent in the forest trying to figure out where he is, and one of the traps they left earlier in Sherwood forest was torn apart." She tensed. Greyback was in that area. "We'll start testing the potion there when it's ready in controlled experiments." "Do you need help?" "No." Draco sighed. "I have a team handling it. I didn't expect him to catch your scent this soon, which tells me his hiding place has always been somewhere close. My team is combing the area, but I don't have enough to fully search the forest. Not with rumours of an imminent attack on the Ministry. The timing of everything makes me think they're getting desperate. We'll need everyone available." Security demands were at an all-time high. They followed her each time she went to work. People looked, but Hermione ignored their stares. "There are always rumours." "Not like this." Draco's tone left no room for argument, and truthfully, she was worried, too. After the attack on the hospital, the reality that it could happen anywhere at any point in time was one she couldn't ignore. "If anything happens while you're thereÑuse your necklace and get out. Get Scorpius, my mother, and my aunt, and get out. No matter what, I'll find you." "I can fight, you know." "Viciously, I'm aware." Draco's look was cool, but his tone spoke of his respect. "I wouldn't mind it, but we can't both fight." Logically, she knew he was right but that didn't settle her nerves. Still, she had to think about more than herself now, and actions had consequences that led back to the little boy sleeping upstairs surrounded by his friends. "That applies to you, too." Hermione cupped his jaw, forcing him to meet her eyes. "If something happens, I'll do what you're asking as long as you don't get distracted from your objective either." "Eliminating the threat?" "No. Come home safely." January 12, 2012 Catherine appeared to have more questions than answers. Rigorously interviewed, screened for Imperius and other curses the moment she arrived in the Malfoys' empty garden, and then held long enough for any Polyjuice to wear off, she was used to this part of the process. Her suspicions started at the curious lack of Draco's presence then only grew when everyone deferred to Hermione. Catherine passed all the tests, and Hermione cleared the home and checked in with the Aurors at their posts in the neighbourhood before returning to find Catherine in the living room frowning as she looked around. "Sorry for that." Hermione hugged the younger witch in greeting. "I know the warding wouldn't have let you in if you had malicious intent, but we're being extra careful right now." "I'm used to Mr Malfoy's paranoia and you warned me about the testing on the Floo call yesterday, but typically he's present for the screenings. Or Mrs Malfoy. Things must have really changed." "They have." Hermione gestured to the Floo. "Follow me. I'll bring you up to speed. Have you eaten?" "No, but where isÑ" "Draco is home with Scorpius. He's not feeling well today." It had all started with a cough the afternoon before and worsened as the day went on. He was flushed with a fever, cranky, and wouldn't eat. They'd spent most of the previous night up and down with him, administering child safe potions while Draco kept him comfortable. Or tried to. In the end, she'd slept curled around him on the sofa while Draco took the chair, no matter how many times Hermione tried to convince him to go to bed. "Oh, is he okay?" "He'll be fine. I was worried, too, and Draco asked me to run some diagnostics on him, but it's just a seasonal cold." Hermione's living room was empty when they stepped through the Floo. Draco was likely upstairs with his son, having taken the day off, so she busied herself making a meal for Catherine. Hermione explained the other witch's future duties in more detail while she ate, and lastly introduced her to the puppy, who took to her instantly. "We'll open a Floo connection directly between your flat and here, and when you pick up the assignments, Draco's hired car will take you there from your flat then straight back." Catherine nodded. "Is the area near the Malfoys' home still bad?" "No." Hermione drank her water. "Narcissa is more comfortable at her sister's home and we visit nearly every day, but Draco and Scorpius are staying here permanently. For any questions or concerns, you can come to either of us. There isn't one designated person to handle Scorpius' care." "Okay then." The witch's smile grew slowly. "Do you need me to make lunch?" "No, Zippy will. You can come through after eight, I'm usually home after lunch but I'm working on a few things. You're free to go at four. " "And the itinerary?" "We decided to let you create it for them, just make sure there are breaks and playtime. If anything changes, it's fine. Only alert us in an emergency." Catherine looked shocked. "You trust me?" "We both do." She looked honoured, and after she left to settle in at home and begin working on her schedule for the children, Hermione ventured upstairs to check on Scorpius and Draco. She found them in a place she hadn't expected. Draco was sitting on his bed, watching his sleeping son with something akin to relief. "His fever broke." "He's healthy." Hermione walked over to the bed, touching the back of her hand to his forehead. "Fevers are a sign that the body's immune system is fighting something off." "I know." Draco sighed. "But there's a small part of me that worries." Hermione shushed him when he stirred, asking her next question quietly so as not to disturb him. "Have you ever considered getting him tested?" "No, Astoria's blood curse affects females in her family every other generation. It's not something I'll have to worry about with him, but his children might. Halia's, too." "Is that why you're still donating to those trying to develop a cure?" "Yes, however selfishly." "It's not selfish to want to protect your family. It's natural." She looked over at the resting child. "Let him sleep. He needs it." Neither were tired, and the night was mild for January, so they took a walk to the greenhouse after setting the charms around Scorpius. Little A went farther into the field to find a spot and came running back to Draco for the praise of a job well done. When he picked the puppy up and scratched under his chin, he paused and turned slowly to find Hermione's eyes on him. "Trying to figure out whosedog he is, Scorpius' or yours." Draco held the puppy away from him just a bit before drawing him back to his chest. "He's not so bad." "And getting healthier." Hermione rubbed his head as they continued towards the greenhouse, not at all noting how Draco, who hadn't even wanted the dog, had been more cognizant of the dog's needs and schedule than even Hermione. He held the door open for her and followed inside, but didn't put down A. The puppy was nosy and some of the plants were toxic, but A didn't mind being coddled. Their walk continued past the hole she'd dug at the end of the year, past the rose garden Neville had been working with Narcissa to arrange, and they finally ended at a table that held only the daylily. Which had bloomed. A rich, deep red. "When did that happen?" "This one bloomed yesterday morning." "I've been wonderingÑ" Hermione broke off in a laugh and poked him in the arm when he rolled his eyes dramatically. "Deny it all you want, but seeds like these aren't easy to come by when the flower is so easy to propagate." "Hmm." "Wait." Hermione looked at Draco who was watching her figure it out with a growing smirk. "Seeds are typically used to create new varieties, which means this is not something you happened to pick up during your trip." He said nothing while scratching the puppy behind the ear. "I might have requested this strain's creation in July as a courting gift. It's tradition, after all." Bred for no purpose except to bloom in winter and thrive in this climate and soil condition when little else could. Created for her. Because of her. "I'll never believe you're not romantic, not when you chose this colour." Red like love, like passion. Draco looked away. "You were so focused on the wrong thing that any colour would have made you overthink. I wasn't supposed to give it to you when I did, but you were angry about my lack of contact." "I was. And then everything changed." Drastically. But in the end they'd gotten here. They'd bloomed despite her attempts to scorch the earth with the fires of denial. "Hemerocallis." Draco's voice was low but it seized her attention with ease. "Beauty for a day." How the daylily got its name. "The Hybridist was a success. It bloomed on time, in the right colour, and it did one last thing I was told would be impossible without magic." "What?" "Each bloom lasts more than one day." January 16, 2012 Hermione was reminded how much she hated bureaucracy. She'd spent the day delegating tasks, settling disputes, taking urgent meetings, and accepting interdepartmental memos while Kingsley was otherwise occupied. And just when she thought there would be a lull that lasted long enough to begin reviewing applications for the permanent Undersecretary position, she opened her office door and found everyone waiting in a semi-circle. Voices blended into one sound. Her name. She raised both hands at once. "Remember what we discussed. Everyone breathe." The entire office took a collective inhale and then followed with a slow exhale. "Very good. First, where is Interim Minister Shacklebolt?" Adam stepped forward. "He's in negotiations with the Irish Ministry over an expired trade agreement." Another thing the ousted Minister had let lapse due to his incompetence. "He's been in talks all morning. This afternoon he has a meeting with the American President to restore the illegal status of Phoenix feathers that also recently expired." Hermione pinched the bridge of her nose. It was a wonder the government had been functional at all. With all the expired agreements, residual messes, and egregious errors, the time spent correcting mistakes made it impossible for Kingsley to be productive. Which was where she came in. "Very well then." Hermione cracked her knuckles. "What can we handle today?" The worst were the interdepartmental fires. Between attrition and lack of order in day-to-day operations under the prior Undersecretary, the Ministry had gone very lax when people did anything they were told just to keep their positions. A tall brunette woman cleared her throat. "The Head of the Department of Mysteries is requesting an audience." Hermione frowned at the mental image of the man. "Check my Magi-Scheduler and set a meeting next month when Kingsley can be present as well." "He won't like that. He's seeking an audience today." "We're busy." Hermione had no time or energy to coddle department heads, even if they were instrumental in Kingsley's appointment. She couldn't ignore him, but she didn't have to bend immediately. "If there's an issue, let him know he can come see me directly. My message won't change." The woman nodded and left to deliver the news. Another person stepped into the abandoned spot. "The Wizengamot approved of the reformation of the Public Information Services department so the displaced workers are returning to their office, which puts the departments they were sent to into a staffing deficiency." "Then we should expand our hiring pools." Another secretary raised her hand. "The budget doesn't allow for it." "We are understaffed with a surplus in other areas of the budget." Hermione rubbed her temples. "We need to allocate more funds to additional salaries or we'll risk losing talented, competent workers." A third assistant stepped forward. "Magical Maintenance is ready to go on strike. Long hours and staffing issues, but I did what you said and checked the applicant pools and there are a few qualified options." Hermione folded her arms, waiting for the downside. "ButÉ two of them are werewolves." The blonde in the back raised her hand. "There are six applicants for this department who are werewolves." "Are they qualified?" Hermione asked blankly. "Well, yes, a few were demoted when their status was made public, butÑ" "Then I would be happy to work side by side with any qualified candidate." Hermione looked around at their stunned faces. "Their status means nothing except that they were victimised and unfortunately will have to live with the danger of the prejudice that comes with their affliction. But what it doesn't change is the fact that they are people, and as such, they are entitled to basic rights, including freedom from discrimination. We have passed laws to protect them that haven't been enforced, but Kingsley intends to change that. We can all start right here, right now." Her words hung in the air like a challenge to do better and be better going forward. "I understand what you're saying," a brave soul said. "But what if they scratch us aÑ" "Please educate yourselves on Lycanthropy." Hermione fought her rising anger. "A werewolf was one of the best teachers I've ever had, and one of the bravest men I've known. It would be a disservice if you allowed bigotry and misinformation to sour your opinion of people you don't even know. Lycanthropy is a disease that affects people just like you and me. I hope if I were ever in their position someone wouldn't consider me less of a person for having a disease." A fidgety, uncomfortable silence permeated the room, but Hermione didn't allow it to linger. "Please continue your questions." "I would like a word in private." A deep, familiar voice rose from the back of the group. "Official business." Every head turned and a few stepped to the side, revealing Draco dressed in navy Task Force robes. Relaxed, with his arms folded and long legs stretched out, there was no telling how long he'd been waiting in the chair beside Deloris' desk. "Task Force Leader Malfoy." Draco stood with fluid ease and approached slowly, ignoring all the eyes on him. "Everyone, we'll resume shortly." Hermione kept her tone even. "Please excuse us." When they were alone and a privacy charm was activated, Hermione leaned against the side of her desk. Draco rarely visited her during work hours, which meant something was going on. Whatever it was didn't stop him from greeting her with a kiss that carried a fraction of the heat in his eyes. "You're acclimating well to leadership, I see." Draco cocked a brow. "You've been doing this two weeks and yetÑ" "I'm quick on my feet. You know this. Besides, you know my philosophy." "Large differences on a small scale." He looked down for an instant. "But the tone you're implementing, even in a small setting, will spread." "It's not a new reform, andÑ" "You're downplaying yourself." "Says the person who did the same when he declined a Wizengamot seat." Hermione met his gaze boldly when irritation flashed in his eyes. "We'll table this discussion for now. You said you were here on official business?" "I am." He folded his arms. "I'm assuming you haven't heard the news about the trial?" "Outside of it ending today with a verdict unlikely until tomorrow? No. I haven't heard anything. I've been buried all morning. I'mÑ" "Tiberius and the Minister were found guilty by the Council of Magical Law. Unanimous vote based on all the evidence and testimonies." Mind racing from the news, Hermione was glad she was leaning on something sturdy. She hadn't expected the verdict so quickly. "When is their sentencing?" "In three days." Draco didn't look all that pleased. "They'll be sentenced at the same time as my uncle, who didn't fight any of his charges." "What's the caveat?" "The Wizengamot has to sentence them." January 19, 2012 The air was charged with a tense expectancy that kept Hermione's stomach in knots. Every seat available in the large chamber was taken by protestors, victims, and families alike. Reporters from various newspapers gathered along the back wall and framed the largest meeting hall's doors, which were left open to allow the mass of spectators just beyond to listen in. For those who couldn't fit in the overcrowded space, a broadcast was playing through the Atrium in real time, too. Seated next to the court reporter, Hermione glanced over at the young witch, who looked both excited and nervous. "It's my first hearing," she said. "I know I'm supposed to be impartial, but I hope they get the maximum sentence. My brother is a patient in the Janus Thickey ward now, after the attack at the Quidditch Match." "I'm sorry to hearÑ" The rest of Hermione's statement was lost to the sound of murmurs when Kingsley entered the room in formal robes and everyone rose to their feet, only sitting again after he did. Tiberius and his advocate were already inside, along with the Minister. Security lined the walls, Harry amongst them, as well as Draco's Task Force, but the man himself was nowhere to be seenÑyet. Draco was in charge of delivering his uncle to the courtroom. The heavy clang of shackles being dragged across the floor sent a shiver down Hermione's spine. Rabastan's grin was positively mad. The side door opened shortly after, and the Wizengamot members filed out in their plum robes, taking their seats and citing their last names for the record. It was the last hearing before their break, and the last hearing Percy would attend as a member of the public before joining their ranks. With no Chief Warlock, Kingsley called the meeting to order. Today's hearing would be brief, a select few witnesses would testify to the crimes Tiberius and the Minister were already convicted of, a clerk for the court would read off Rabastan's uncontested charges, then the only thing left was sentencing. Whether the punishments matched the crimes would tell the story of how deep corruption ran within the Wizengamot. Cormac took the stand first, looking around nervously and appearing far less confident than he had the last time she'd seen him. But he spoke the truth Percy had been wringing out of him for the last month under the threat of The Vow. Following him, other victims spoke, including Mathers' family and those most egregiously wronged. Order had to be called a few times when the crowd got restless, but most everyone behaved in the name of justice being served. Hermione included. And she exercised restraint upon taking the stand to talk about the crimes committed against her personally because Padma hadn't wanted to attend. What she didn't expect was Tiberius rising to his feet while she was on the stand. "I'd like to bargain." His previous smug surety was nowhere to be found. "Everything I know in exchange for a reduced sentence." "The time for negotiations ended with your conviction," Percy lazily replied from his chair. Kingsley sat up straighter. A few people in the crowd stood despite being seated in different rows. Hermione locked eyes with Harry. "I-I know where their main location is." Tiberius was undeterred. "I know everything about their operation, who is in it, how far it reaches. Polyjuice! They have an endless supply of it andÑ" "Tsk tsk." Rabastan's smile was chilling. "My brother won't be pleased by this disloyalty." Draco's wand pressed tight against his throat. "Quiet." "I've already told you." His uncle just laughed, rotting teeth on display. "He's coming for me." He'd repeated it over and over. For days and weeks now. A rumour of his own making stated as if it were a fact. More stood. Those who were still seated looked around in question. Hermione subtly reached inside the pocket of her robes for her wand. Something was wrong. "Please be seated." Kingsley's request was polite but his tone held power. The Wizengamot members shifted in their seats. "Hello Kingsley," said the person standing in the front row. A ripple passed over their features. Then they began twisting. Changing. She knew that voice. Several things happened at once. A body knocked her to the floor, shielding her. A flash of blinding light. Explosions rattled her to the bone. Her ears rang so loudly it drowned out everything else. Chaos sang its tune in a chorus of explosions. Screams of panic and a stampede of footsteps layered verses over the hum of spells and melody of magic in the air as Aurors fought off the attack. Kingsley's voice was a calm presence, counting each blast on beat. Until they stopped. For two seconds. Then five. Then ten. Half a minute passed before Kingsley told her to stay down and he left her side. Every sense was dulled by the pandemonium. Her vision was still spotty from the flare, but she rubbed her hands over her eyes as many times as it took to clear. That's when she noticed it. A familiar cloud. Poison. Shaking the dizziness away, Hermione peered out from around the witness stand. The cloud was too thick to see anything beyond flashes of colours. Red spells. Purple hexes. Green curses. She had to do something. Like isolate the poison cloud. But Hermione only managed to trap a portion of it when someone grabbed her ankle. She kicked herself free. Scrunching as far out of sight as possible, she locked eyes with the old Minister just as a streak of green magic struck him. His body stilled and went slack. Eyes still open. Dead. She didn't wait for his attacker to find her. Hermione crawled out from her hiding spot in the direction of the court reporter's booth. It was times like these when her ability to segment and catalogue and store information was invaluable. She could process this later. Wade through what it meant to see the sheer volume of bodies strewn across the floor covered in ash and poison. Logically, she knew some were moving. But it was all too obvious most were not. If she were any less adept at separating logic from emotion and doing what needed to be done, she might wind up right alongside them. There was no time to dwell. On her crawl, she caught sight of Percy leading those who could flee out behind several protection charms, Kingsley taking on two Death Eaters, and Harry and Draco back to back fighting Rodolphus and both Carrows. An unbelievable amount of civilians were fighting off a horde of Death Eaters. Brave protestors were taking up for the cause. To her surprise, the court reporter had survived the blast. The young witch looked terrified, and Hermione barely had enough time to stop her bleeding and cover her mouth with a Bubble-Head Charm before being spotted. "Don't move." Rabastan was heading in Draco and Harry's direction and Hermione's wand was out and firing a spell before she knew what was happening. Like an out of body experience, Hermione watched her magic run its course. Rabastan's body bounced off the ceiling with enough force to render him unconscious before he landed on the ground like a ragdoll, limbs angled in odd directions and blood pooling beneath his head. He didn't move. A screech pierced the air before spell fire centred in her direction, leaving scorch marks on the stone. Hermione conjured a protective shield around herself and the court reporter. During a brief lull, as the attacker drew closer, Hermione caught sight of them. The woman looked oddly familiar. A second later, she remembered why. The park attack. The woman from the park blocked Hermione's next spell, then the next, firing off a few of her own in the process. They went tit for tat, spell for spell. The attacker fought each spell off with growing ferocity until a stunner caught her. But it wasn't Hermione's. The stunner had come from behind her. Before she could figure it out, someone grabbed her elbow and tugged. Hermione spun around, wand at the ready, andÑ Saw Draco, who looked surprised. And a bit furious. "What are you still doing here?" he hissed, then ducked into a hiding spot with her and the injured court reporter. "We agreed. You're supposed to be gone." "We did agree, but IÑ" Hermione gestured to the witch. "She needs help." "I'll get her out but she'll have to hide until I can." Draco scrubbed a hand over his face. "But you, you need to go." "Don't make me come back and find you." She caught the bruises forming along his jaw and healed them with a touch of whispered magic. "Remember your end of the agreement, too." Come home safely. "Anti-Aapparation wards are up, but you can get past them." Draco caught her hand and kissed her wrist. "Use it." Hermione knew what to do. Grasping her compass and closing her eyes, she pressed her finger against the dial. The pull took her home. She landed in the conservatory with a clamour loud enough to wake the whole house. Pansy rushed downstairs first. Wands drawn and drinks in hand, Ginny, Susan, Daphne, and Padma were at Pansy's back. An impromptu girls night. What a shame she would have to ruin the fun. "The Ministry's under attack!" Hermione gasped. Horror dawned on Pansy's face. "Percy? Is heÑ" "He was fine last I saw. Helping people get out." Hermione got to her feet and ran to the fireplace. Her first call was to Theo, who would need to mobilise. The children were in the greenhouse with Luna, Narcissa, and Andromeda. When she finished, she turned, expecting Pansy to still look alarmed, but she was the picture of ferocity. Ginny and Daphne were already summoning everyone inside. Susan rushed over to Hermione with a towel. "Your ears are bleeding." "There were bombs. Poison." Shock began to numb her as adrenaline ebbed, slowing its manic hum. Susan made her sit and breathe through the withdrawal. "Anti-Apparition wards are set up at the Ministry. I had to use my necklace to get out. Someone should check all the wards here to be safe and make sure the Floo is secured. Anyone who needs to get here already has access or another way in." Everyone stayed together, locked down following Blaise, Ron, and Dean's arrival to wait out the storm. Hermione forced a smile as she looked around the room. "I'm sure they'll be here soon." Time passed in virtual silence. Seconds stretched to minutes which added up to hours until they resumed some semblance of normality for the children who only knew something was very, very wrong. Narcissa went to her room at her sister's behest and fell asleep shortly after from the stress. Most of the others nodded off wherever they sat when their eyes could no longer stay open. Andromeda stayed awake as long as she could, asking questions about Kingsley, and Hermione told her as much as she knew: he had been alive and uninjured the last time she'd seen him. It would have to do. Midnight came and went. Hermione had stopped herself three times from going back. Scorpius' head was a steady weight on her thigh when a crash from the conservatory made her jump. As quickly as possible, she settled Scorpius on the cushion and rushed to the source of shattering glass that marked someone's arrival. The only ones awake, she and Susan skidded into the conservatory to find Draco. Alive. Dirty with wet hair and smelling like decontaminate. But alive. His eyes were swollen shut and blood dripped from his fingertips. One shoulder was clearly wrenched out of its socket. Hermione was already ignoring Susan's attempts to treat his wounds when Draco wrapped his good arm around her and hugged her close. Draco leaned on herÑtoo heavily. And he was panting like he'd run all the way here from the Ministry. "They're dead. My uncles. They're dead." His disbelief was palpable. "It's finally finished." "You're bleeding, Malfoy." Susan approached his other side, summoning a parchment and casting the first diagnostic charm. "Fuck, it's a Wasting Curse." Much like the one he'd been hit with the night his father died. Draco barked out a delirious laugh while Susan yelled for help. Padma rushed in. Hermione was frozen, but not for long. In the midst of the growing cloud of fear, determination cut through like sunshine. "I can fix this, I can fix this." Susan Vanished his jacket and shirt and found the source of the curse eating away at the muscles of his back. She gagged at the sight. "Shite, it's spreading. The only way to contain this is to slow his heartbeatÑCalming Draught. Get me a Calming Draught." "Won't work fast enough. Or long enough," Padma argued. "Draught of Living Death." Hermione looked at her shocked friends. "It'll buy time." "It's risky." Susan blinked. "And we can't do it here." Padma ran to retrieve the vial. With Blaise's help, they stretched Draco out on the floor on his side. Hermione laid with him, keeping him calm as his internal temperature dropped despite repeated warming charms. Each breath grew more and more ragged. His eyes swam in and out of focus, taking on a glassy sheen. Hermione swept her fingers across his forehead. "I have toÑ" "T-trust you," Draco mumbled. He was going into shock and fading fast as his pallor dimmed to a sickly grey. Twisting in agony, he grasped thin threads of consciousness with what little remained of his strength. "Are you sure?" Susan handed Hermione the uncorked vial. "It'll work." There was no other option. Hermione held the vial to his lips. In trust, there was no fear. "Drink." Pain will leave you, when you let go. Jeremy Aldana Chapter End Notes Well, well. I am a sucker for a cinematic ending. Surprise! This is the penultimate chapter of Measure of a Man. The next chapter will be the final chapter and 42 will be an epilogue. Chapter 41: Out OfThe Shadows Chapter Notes *NSFW art See the end of the chapter for more notes Forty One Out Of The Shadows January 20, 2012 Like shadows eclipsed even the most vibrant colours, the curse held Draco tight within its grip. Ash white cheeks framed pale lips. His forehead was cool to the touch. Stubborn to a fault, Hermione refused to cede the fight. She followed him to the edge of darkness, summoned her strength, and dragged him back. Blood painted an abstract masterpiece across the floor. Lines and spotsÑsmall, large, and a range of sizes betweenÑcoalesced to tell the tale of the night that had yet to end. The unfinished portrait of Draco's pain stained Hermione's senses. Everyone held their breath. Time ticked by in an endless sequence of suffocating seconds as they waited for the curse to stop feeding off Draco's flesh, rotting his muscles, and melting his bones. When it did, Susan jolted. "It worked!" Padma slackened from relief. "You were right, Hermione." The knot in her stomach loosened slightly. "We need to move him, preferably to St Mungo's now that he's stable enough." Susan got to her feet. "All my books are there and we need zero interruptions." "There won't be room." Given everything Hermione had seen before escaping, the hospital would be overrun. "Maybe I can convert my office intoÑ" Her mind went to the sleeping boy on the sofa they'd have to pass. "ScorÑ" "Dean took him upstairs." Daphne stood in the doorway, her eyes on Draco. "H-he's still sleeping." "Can youÑ" "Of course." Daphne regained her composure. "We're all going to be with him and Narcissa for as long as it takes. You just focus on Draco." Hermione carefully lowered Draco onto his side on the makeshift bed in her old office while Padma put up a silencing charm to mitigate any interruptions. Susan opened the spellbook and flipped to the right page, filling the stilted silence. "The reversal process takes five spells. He's been through this before, but it's still dangerous. We'll need to monitor everything. His vitals should alert us to any sign of trouble, but the timing has to be preciseÑdown to the secondÑor the counter-curse won't work." "Okay." Hermione exhaled. "Ready when you are." Susan conjured an hourglass, and Padma waved her wand to enhance Draco's vitals, studying the proof of life laced in the parchment's faint lines. Then they both looked at her. The hourglass embodied time, the ever-present reminder of man's mortality. "His vitals are holding." One grain equalled a second. One turn marked the top of a new hour. "Susan, go ahead and start." Time was as finite as the sands in the hourglass. As was Hermione's patience. "No." Hermione tightened her grip on her wand. "I'm taking the lead." Draco's wound was festering. The rot was suspended in animation across the surface of his skin. He looked ravaged. "You can't do this," Padma argued. "Each one you start, you have to finish. You're too invested to think straight. You're tired and stressed, and he's yourÑ" "That's exactly why I'm doing this." Hermione rolled up her sleeves. "She won't back down, Padma, and we don't have time to argue." Susan looked across the bed. "Keep monitoring his vitals and I'll assist Hermione." The hourglass turned over. Liquid power flowed through Hermione's veins like electricity. It flared from the tip of her wand in sharp slices; precise incantations filled the silence. The air smelled like nature. Like earth. Like magic. The ends of her curls lifted and twisted when the first counter-spell finally bound with the curse. Padma's relieved exhale cut through the rustle of Susan's panicked page-flipping. "Steady." Susan brought the book to eye-level and peered at the next incantation. "We're just getting started." Hermione centred her focus. The hourglass flipped. One. A trickle of sweat slid from Hermione's hairline and caught in her eyebrow. Susan dabbed it away. "Do you need me to repeat the next incantation?" "No." Hermione's pulse thumped hard as her next spell sharpened the translucent stream pouring from the tip of her wand into bright light. "I can take it from here." The hourglass turned. Two. The curse fought back. Susan's voice was frantic. "You're running out of time." The festering sores began to spread again. Inky black rot crept across pale skin. Susan returned to the book with renewed determination. The parchment in Padma's hands glowed bright. Draco's vitals teetered on the verge of critical. Ebony tendrils roped wider. The cursed rot spilled like acid across his flesh. Hermione pushed the fear from her mind and repeated the counter-curse with more force. Then again. And again. She said it until her mouth grew dry. Until the edges stopped spreading. Until the parchment's frightening pulse faded. "He's stable." They all exhaled. The hourglass turned end over end again. Three. "Hermione." Susan dabbed her face with a cloth. "You're shaking and exhausted. The book says, if any point, the curse begins to fight back, we have to stopÑ" "I'm not stopping." The only way out of hell was through. "What's the next spell?" The hourglass turned. Four. The next incantation was complicated at best, exhaustive at worst, but there were no other options. Hermione remained just as focused as she had been from the start. White hot magic adorned Draco's deathly pale skin, layering over the rot and trapping it in a pocket of intense energy that isolated the curse. She was nearly finished when her thoughts began shifting. They needed to determine the extent of the damage, save what they could, and grow back the rest. Her hands shook as her anxiety spiked; her precision slipped and her spellwork wavered. "Stay the course," Susan said. "You're almost there." The last grains of sand drained from the top of the hourglass to mark the end of the fifth hour. It flipped end over end once again. Another successful spell made Hermione sag against Susan, weak from the exertion. Relief was the terse expectancy of a new day's light. The eager wait to once again feel the pull of Draco's presence was only beginning. The objective was far from finished. They may have stopped the curse, and the wounds were no longer festering, but now it was time to heal. To repair. When Hermione stepped forward, twin stubborn pillars stopped her. "Be with him," Padma argued with a gentle hand on Draco's arm. "Let us take it from here." Vulnera Sanentur. It sounded like a medical melody. Haunting and healing at the same time. The black sky beyond the window gradually dimmed to a dark grey. It was easier to watch than the scene in the room. In her periphery, Hermione saw vials hovering in front of Padma as she worked with single-minded focus, though the signs of exhaustion were present in both her and Susan's movements. A drop of one potion. Two drops of another. Three drops of a third. On and on. The hiss and mix of wispy smoke was a sign of healing rather than destruction. Hermione held Draco's hand, kept warm by charms, as they carefully worked to make him whole. The stars continued to dwindle as light bled through the clouds. Time marched to the beat of each new spell as she watched his skin knit together in broken lines. Patches of flesh grew anew, and once the process was underway, they dressed fresh wounds. The hourglass turned once more, and they gently rolled him onto his back. Six. "Last time his scars were beneath his skin." Susan grimaced. "This time they'll be visible." There was nothing wrong with scars. Draco had plenty, as did she. They were a reminder, proof of his fragility and resilience. Tangible evidence that he was stronger than the forces that tried to take him down. Hermione always thought there was beauty to be found in destruction. "Can we wake him up?" Two drops of Wiggenweld Potion on Draco's tongue deepened his breathing. Another made the colour return. It warmed his icy skin. Brought him back to life. Hermione watched the hourglass turn for the eighth time. But Draco didn't wake. The sun rose on a changed world, yet Hermione felt as though everything was standing still. Draco remained motionless. Theo came in and took over for the exhausted trio, running every magical test in existence to solve the mystery of why Draco hadn't woken with the potion. He left again without a word. In the silence that followed, when Padma and Susan fell prey to sleep after the long night, fear found Hermione. It seized her mind and didn't let go. Locked in a sanctuary of solitary madness, fatigue made it impossible for her to fight off. Tears fell like rain as doubt tainted her thoughts and regret magnified her memories. You should have stopped like the book said. You gave him too much. It was too late. Lies disguised themselves as truths. Hermione didn't know what to believe. Until Draco woke up, she wasn't sure ifÑ The door creaked open. Hermione did a double take at the sight of Charles Smith entering the room with Theo. Padma and Susan were suddenly awake, ready for the news. "Tests are back. There's no trace of Draught of the Living Death in his system. The curse is completely gone, his vitals are stable, he's healing, and there doesn't appear to be any lasting damage to his organs." Hermione could do nothing except breathe. "I reviewed his brain scans." Charles approached the bedside. "Everything's normal, he's just in a deep sleep, which is a good thing. His body is exhausted from the trauma. During the test, he moved into REM sleep, which meansÑ" "He's dreaming!" Padma and Susan spoke as one then hugged in celebration. "Yes, he is, and we should let him wake naturally, but he will." Relief made Hermione sob until she laughed, and laugh until she sobbed. Hermione healed his superficial wounds. Cuts and scrapes and bruises vanished with the swipe of her shaking fingers. Ignoring her own exhaustion, she cleaned his face and brushed his hair with her fingers. Resting her hand over his heart, she sought comfort in the steady, rhythmic beat. "You should sleep." Startled by the new presence in the room, Hermione looked up as Theo sat down on the other side of the bed. Susan and Padma had just departed through the Floo to rest and give everyone at her house the update. Theo leaned back and exhaled, looking as tired as she felt. "Or you take the sofa and I'll stay here." One of his eyes opened. He was unimpressed by her suggestion. "You look like hell." "I've been busy all night." Hermione sighed. "As have you." "At least I had enough antidotes and staff to handle the rush." "Any word onÑ" "Kingsley took a few stunners but he's fine. Harry, too. We admitted him. He was concussed with a nasty head wound. He kept calling Draco a bastard because he shoved him into a wall." Theo shrugged. "He was out of it, so I'm not sure what happened there. Ginny's with him now." "Anything else?" "Outside of having the pleasure of single-handedly bringing Tiberius back from the dead? No." He folded his arms, ready for an argument. "I know what he did, what he was a part of, but my oathÑ" "You don't have to explain yourself, I would've done the same. Death is too easy of a punishment." "He's under heavy guard in a private suite. Cormac, too, but he wasn't nearly as injured. Just poisoned. He tried to escape with the masses and sneak away during the chaos, but Percy stunned him." "Good." She yawned and ignored the look Theo gave her. "I know what Charles said, but I'm officially so exhausted I can't sleep. I don't think I'll be able to until he wakes. You should go home. I'm sure you have more to do than sit here." "I do." Theo paused. "I also know what this feels like and thought you might want a friend." Theo stepped out after Roger came to find him. Hermione didn't notice another visitor until hands came to rest on her shoulders. "How is he?" "Still sleeping." Hermione leaned into Andromeda's touch, not letting go of Draco's hand. "Where isÑ" "Scorpius is here with Narcissa and Daphne. They're waiting in Theo's office. I thought I'd come first to make sure they could follow." "I need to talk to him. IÑ" "Sit." Gentle pressure kept her from rising. "Rest. Harry's up and talking to him now, giving him a very light summary." "Harry'sÑ" "Doing better." "Have you talked to Kingsley?" "I have." Andromeda told her that he was re-establishing order. Percy and the other department heads were with him. The death toll wasn't known, but the Ministry's holding cells were full of Death Eaters. None had escaped. They were rounding up everyone to begin a full-scale campaign on all the other hideouts and the Wizengamot wasn't putting up a fight. It would take months to recover from this andÑ "He also told me to relay a message. Your responsibility is here, not out there. And right now you need to rest. Theo told me you haven't slept." "I can't." Hermione woke with her hand still laced with Draco's, but there was someone else's hand resting atop theirs. Scorpius'. He was asleep at his father's side. Albus was curled up behind him. She didn't remember falling asleep, only a vague recollection of Andromeda humming a tune with no words and the evidence of a haphazard braid proved it wasn't a dream. Hermione sat up sharply. "WhÑ" "Such a determined boy." Narcissa sounded bemused. "And where one goes, the other follows." She rose from her seat next to Daphne, who was sleeping against Harry. He was still in patient robes but had nodded off during their wait, head back, glasses askance. Narcissa approached her side, placing a hand on her shoulder, and they watched Scorpius and Albus sleeping soundly next to Draco, whose hand tightened in hers as he took a deep breath. The movement made Hermione's heart leap. "How are you?" Narcissa asked. "I'mÑI'm waiting." "I'll wait with you." Theo returned with news so rattling he couldn't speak for a full minute. "IÑhmm." He cleared his throat. "The media wants an update on Draco's condition." That certainly wasn't what Hermione had expected to hear. She and Narcissa exchanged confused looks. "Why?" "There was a heavy media presence at the sentencing. A few reporters wrote articles of their experiences and interviewed witnesses, including a very injured but grateful court reporter who first asked how he was doing." He held out the paper with a visible wince. "Some photographers captured the fight, too." On the front were Draco and Harry emerging from the poison cloud. Together. "They're calling him a hero." Narcissa brightened, alight with excitement, but Hermione shook her head. "Draco's going to hate this." Hermione was aware the instant Draco woke up. His vitals leapt then settled, but he didn't move. She knew why. There were at least ten of their friends present, each had only intended to stop by for a minute but had ended up staying. Scorpius and Al weren't yet awake, both nestled under the silencing charms placed over the transfigured bed. Quick thinking moved everyone out of the room. Lunch sent Daphne and Dean away with Ginny, and a change of clothes for them all drove Andromeda, Narcissa, and Pansy out of the room. Neville and Harry were harder to persuade, but she asked Harry to give Draco's team an update and Neville to check on Luna, who was at her home with Greg, the puppy, and the other worried children. Blaise left without argument but glanced at the bed with a chuckle. He'd noticed. When the door closed behind the last of their friends, Hermione took down the charm. Grey eyes were on her and only her. "Hi." "I don't need toÑ" "Shut up and get in." With a roll of her eyes, Hermione slipped under the covers, moulding herself to his side. Draco could hardly move, stiff despite potions numbing his pain, but that didn't stop him from suffering through discomfort to wrap an arm around her and draw her close. "I'm supposed to be taking care of you." "You did." Draco's lips didn't move from her forehead. "I could hear you." They fell into a steady rhythm of beating hearts. Each smoothed the jagged edges of her emotions. Draco kissed her slowly and Hermione let her eyes flutter shut, allowing herself to feel the swell of emotions and the return of her depleted strength. She exhaled three words that had one meaning. Everything. "I love you." They were as safe as the weight of Draco's forehead on her temple; as safe as the gravity that tethered them together. "I love you, too." Hermione woke to voices but didn't stir. "ÉGreyback attacked two Aurors tracking him in the forest. They didn't make it." "Where?" "Doesn't matter. Nothing you or I can do about that now, Malfoy. You're not fit and neither am I. Hestia has a team canvassing the area for reconnaissance." "Report back what she finds." Draco kept his voice low. "Padma taught me the incantation and the potion to mimic Granger's scent is almost ready. The traps have gotten us this far, but we need the potion to execute the plan. They shouldn't engage until the team's in place and ready to lure him out of Sherwood forest." "I told them that." Harry paused for so long she thought he'd left. "YouÑyou're a bloody idiot, you know that. You could have died." "Not for the first time." Harry barked out a laugh so dry it sounded like a curse. "You utter bastard, you shouldn't have pushed me out of the way and taken that Wasting Curse. YouÑ" "I do believe you mean to say thank you. I'll pretend I have no idea what you're talking about because I'm not noble enough to do something so reckless." "You're an arse." Harry didn't mean it. "You're lucky HermioneÑ" "Naturally." There was a pause. "Stop pretending to be asleep, Granger." "I wasn't pretending." Hermione opened her eyes enough to narrow them at Draco. "The power of your friendship woke me." It earned her scowls from both men. After sitting up and instinctively giving Draco a medical once-over, Hermione noticed the absence of Albus and Scorpius. "They're with Ginny." Harry filled in the blank. "Probably on their way back with food for us all. I was briefing Malfoy. And now you, too." "On?" "Everything. Forty dead, half are Death Eaters. Everyone who isn't vaccinated is being treated for exposure using the same method Malfoy created to treat you. Outside of that, a few Wizengamot members were seriously injured but survived. They're scheduled to sentence Tiberius again." Hermione was almost afraid to ask, "And the Death Eaters exposedÑ" "No, it appears their resistance to the poison was due to repeated exposure." They'd built their own immunity, however painfully. "Kingsley is adamant we won't have a repeat of what happened after the Battle of Hogwarts." "I canÑ" "Do nothing." Harry gave her a look. "Kingsley said with everything paused in the aftermath of the terror attack, he doesn't want to see any of us at work until next week when business resumesÑMalfoy, longer. That is, if you're not planning on quitting now that your uncles are dead." "Change of plans." Sharp grey eyes cut to Harry. "I'm not finished yet." January 21, 2012 Healing never came without pain. It was necessary. Draco's first day home from the hospital was full of discomfort, tossing and turning in agitation. The salve he'd made to soothe her regrown skin was too harsh for him. When he finally slept with the help of pain potions, Hermione worked on something softer that would be just as effective. Assisted by a goggled and gloved Scorpius, a curious puppy, and armed with all the knowledge she possessed and a desire to experiment, Hermione carefully worked without a book in sight. Beneath the midday sun, they walked through the greenhouse that held nearly every herb imaginable and picked what they needed. Echinacea, calendula, bee balm, oregano, thyme, lavender, mint, and yarrow. Scorpius returned with the biggest stalk of aloe he could hold while Hermione carefully broke off a piece of the enormous cactus she ignored more often than not. Scorpius looked at the mixture in his basket with confusion. "We're creating something to help your dad's skin." "A magic potion?" he asked softly, excited at the prospect of another trip to the brewing room. "Not exactly." She fixed the strap of his overalls. "Magic can heal a lot of things, but sometimes the earth helps." "How?" "We'll mix fresh herbs and plants. No magic needed." Hermione offered her hand and he didn't hesitate to take it. "I'll show you." Cutting. Mincing. Chopping. Dicing. Mixing. Hermione worked in the kitchen, showing Scorpius how to grind herbs using a mortar and pestle then blend everything together. Without a recipe, she improvised. They were halfway through when Scorpius leaned in and inhaled. "Smells good?" Green, he signed with a playful expression. "It smells green?" A smile spread across her face when he blushed. "You're right, it does. Did you know green is my favourite colour?" Scorpius nodded and she continued mixing herbs, thinking back to the one time the topic had been approached. "Let me guess, your dad told you?" Yes. Then he looked down at his hands. You live here. "That's why your dad says I like green?" Scorpius nodded. "Hand me the mint, please." After accepting it, Hermione made quick work of cutting up the bunch and mixing it into the concoction. "He's right. My parents used to take me camping when I was little, and like here, there's life and greenery everywhere in nature. The smell of books and grass, these are the things I love." She nudged him a tiny bit. "And you, too." The little boy dimpled, his ears turning red. "And daddy?" "Yes. So much that we're creating something for him, just like he has for us." When it was ready, Scorpius sat on his knees and watched Hermione spread the mixture on the patches of Draco's inflamed skin. Cooling charms on the gauze made it easy to apply, and once she was satisfied with the results, they left A behind to nap with Draco. The puppy had hardly left his side since they'd returned home. After a lunch of cheese toasties and tomato soup, they added today's adventure to the scrapbook of herbs and she read him a story that ended when they both dozed off in the chaise. Hermione woke at the first sign of what was sure to be a stormy dusk, and it wasn't long before Scorpius yawned himself awake as well. They watered the plants while the rain rolled in. Scorpius surprised her by not shuffling before asking questions about what had happened. Why do bad people want to hurt us? "I don't know." Momentarily surprised, Hermione took her time to answer. "It's hard to know for certain why bad people do bad things. But what I do know is that there are more good people out there than bad. Good people like the Aurors and the Task Force who fight the bad people and protect us all. That's what your dad does, and Harry, too." Scorpius was quiet for a while. You saved daddy? "I did." He watered his table garden of recovering plants before putting the watering can down to sign something else. Scared? You? "I was." Hermione signed back. "But I knew I needed to be brave for you both." Scorpius stopped at the Touch-Me-Not, which didn't need watering, but he ran his fingers up the spine and watched them fold up, much like he saw Draco doing from time to time when he was deep in thought. It was then that Hermione noticed Draco in the doorway of the conservatory holding a yawning puppy and wearing a loose shirt. Scorpius perked when his father put A down and the puppy scuttled across the floor. "You're supposed to be resting." "Hard to rest when I smell like the garden." Scorpius giggled from his spot on the floor as A licked his cheek. "Do you feel better?" "Yes." Draco sat next to her, still ginger in all his moves. "What sort of balm is it?" "It's not a balm. It's an herbal blend we created." "We?" "Mm." Hermione and Scorpius exchanged proud smiles. "Yes, we." Draco looked between them. "What's in it?" "Can't tell you." She leaned a little closer. "It's a secret family recipe." "I'm sure Scorpius will share with me, won't you?" The smile on the little boy's face faded slowly as he looked first at the puppy, then at the two of them. Rising to his feet, he shuffled like he did when he wanted to ask something he wasn't sure he had the words for. "What is it?" Hermione asked. Are we a real family? The playful atmosphere sobered as Draco and Hermione looked at each other only once. After giving him a small nod, Draco gestured for his son to come closer. "We are but there is something we want to tell youÉ" January 23, 2012 The state of Roger's office was alarming; every surface was a mess of folders and parchment. But the man himself was pristine as ever. Hermione loitered in the doorway, unsettled by another strange sight. Theo and Charles were occupying two of the three spare seats. She had no idea what this meeting was regarding, only that she'd been summoned shortly after breakfast and feeding the chickens with Scorpius. Draco tried to argue that taking a meeting was no different than him taking a Floo call from his Task Force team about Greyback, but she'd won that fight. Or rather, Narcissa had when she'd suggested Draco spend the morning with her before his appointment with Susan to check on his progress. More than ever, Draco accepted her invitations and carefully worked to extract certain memories. More than ever, he dedicated time to talk to her for hours. He was trying. As was she. And it showed in the growing ease between them, and the understanding in Draco that it was better for him to hold those good moments close. His recovery was more than physical. His attitude had begun to shift, too. It was humbling to see two people who had fought against each other for so long fight for each other. Charles was the first to notice her. "Healer Granger." It was a strange transition from being called Madam Undersecretary for days on end. "I saw the meeting on my Magi-Scheduler and came over." Only then did Hermione enter, closing the door behind her and taking the seat between the two. "How is Draco?" Charles asked. "Better. Regaining his strength." She appreciated his concern but turned to Roger. "Shall we? He and Narcissa areÑ" "That's precisely who we're here to discuss." Roger eyed the large stack of folders cluttering his desk. There had to be at least twenty. "I don't understand." "These are the references to Alternative Healing that I've received this week alone." He gestured to two other stacks that were just a high. "Those two are the ones I've received since the third of the month. And there are more incoming." Hermione blinked. "Okay, so we're experiencing an influx, do you need me to end my medical leave early?" "No." Theo shook his head. "What Roger is trying to say is these are new patients with the same or similar symptoms to Narcissa. All attributed their symptoms to age, but in light of Parvati's in depth article on her illness, people are now asking to come in and have tests run. Some had other issues that warranted different treatment, but these are the ones we've diagnosed with the same form of dementia." The media had been supportive of Narcissa in the last few weeks, commending her on her poise and grace in the face of mortality. Her bravery was a badge of honour for how well she'd managed to keep herself together while living with her disease. Still, the amount of new cases was staggering. Hermione stared between the stacks. "This is too much for one department to handle." "We have two new Healers coming to the research program," Roger said. "Healer Smith has recruited a few members of his team to join our department in the coming months as well. And from what I understand, you and Draco are brewing more of the experimental potion." "That's correct." Hermione sat back, arms folded, curiously looking across the desk at Roger. Draco had bottled a batch the night before and she'd assisted because he'd gotten tired in the middle of the process. "I don't understand why I'm here exactly." "We just wanted to discuss your plans and keep you informed about ours." "I'm going back to Healer Academy for a shift in specialties. I've enrolled in courses that begin in March. The expedited track should have me finished by the end of the year. I'll need a mentorÑ" "You already have one." Charles gave her a look, then a smile that she returned. "I didn't want to assume." "It would be an honour, Healer Granger." A quiet moment passed that left Hermione humbled, thinking back to their very first Floo call that had led to many more. All at different hours, different days, sometimes in the middle of the night. He never turned her away. Not once. And he'd been the first to truly help, to teach and guide her. It was nice that their relationship wouldn't change in that aspect. Charles was a wealth of knowledge she was eager to learn from. "In the meantime," Roger shifted in his seat. "I think it would be wise for you to attend bi.weekly meetings like this to keep you up to date. Theo tells me you're assisting Kingsley in the Ministry part-time." "I am, but only until we find a candidate for Undersecretary." There were a few applications from overseas beginning to filter in. Hermione had yet to narrow the field, but there were enough options to begin considering who would be the best fit. She hadn't been to her office since the attack; the Ministry was shut down to be decontaminated with only essential personnel allowed on siteÑpersonnel that had to be vaccinated before entering. Theo's teams had been working around the clock producing vaccines and antidotes. "Draco and I had begun discussing a theoretical approach to add to the existing potion. Now that we know, in some way, it slows the progression of the disease, we'll investigate additional possibilities to expand upon that." Charles informed her of something she hadn't quite realised. "He has made several doses for his mother in the coming months, but I know little of his plans to propagate the ingredients." "We're growing most of them in our greenhouse, but we're in the process of forming a partnership with the University that would be beneficial. Draco's family has seeds and plants from extinct species that the University will begin to propagate in nature. One being the Silphium plant we use in the potion. It'll be a couple of years in the making, and until then our capacity is limited by how much we can safely harvest, but in the future, we'll expand." "He's already started," Charles said. "He gave me the patent and plans to teach me how to brew it so that I may teach others." Roger scratched his chin. "Will there be enough to start treating a few others with it now?" "I doubt it. The new patients would need to receive the normal treatment course first, and longevity is a concern, not to mention theÑ" Hermione frowned as a thought sprang forth. "Wait, are we taking on all these patients?" "Yes," Theo answered slowly, almost as if he knew what she'd sayÑor how much she would argue against it. "I know your opinion on this. Your care with Narcissa was extremely hands on, but given all we've learned, we can lean heavier on the therapy aspect while facilitating Floo calls with their assigned Healers rather than in person care. At least until they make the move. Then we'll be able to better manage." Hermione didn't like it. "The basis of my care wasn't just the patients, but also their families Ñ" "I know. Which is why Charles will be hosting group meetings with the patients' families to answer questions. Narcissa has volunteered to attend when she's able." Hermione inhaled sharply, startled by the news. "Why would she do that?" Roger asked. She wanted to know the answer to that as well. "Narcissa isÉ " Charles chuckled. "This was all her idea. She's also allotted a large sum to support the families who cannot afford the potions or make the changes needed in their homes, and a substantial amount more towards the research for the cure." Hermione was stunned. "She's convinced Draco to allow a company to use his charm to create other tracking objects specifically designed for dementia patients, too, like the one he placed on her necklace. It proved useful more than a few times during her episodes." Theo settled back in his seat. "I'm working on that. Companies are sending proposals." So much was changing. Even if it was too late to save herself, Narcissa would fight to the end while making peace with her circumstances. Still, Hermione had to wonder if Draco wasn't the only one creating a legacy. She had to wonder if Narcissa had taken a quiet note from her son and began to cement her own, even in the face of mortality. She had to wonder if this was another memory Narcissa wanted to leave behind. A single act that could save many. Something stronger than her place in society. Something unforgettable. Hope. January 31, 2012 Even though it wouldn't happen until at least after Easter, Scorpius was practising for their first day of real school. He chose to wear his uniform of grey trousers and bowtie, a button down white shirt, and a navy jumper. A fresh haircutÑdone the day before by Daphne while he glared at a laughing PansyÑmade him look a bit more severe, but he liked a clean part. And the backpack he didn't need just yet held an array of supplies and snacks. Hermione smiled and held out her hand. "Are you ready?" He was. After saying goodbye to Mint and hugging the confused puppy, all three set off for the makeshift classroom surrounded by plant life in the greenhouse. All three Potters plus Catherine awaited him. They had underestimated Scorpius. School had begun in earnest in the days since Draco's return home, and the secret they'd asked Scorpius to keep remained just thatÑa secret. The first day had been the most nerve-racking, Hermione returned home, expecting their news to be out, but nothing had come of it. Today was day four and she was finally growing comfortable with the possibility of not having to explain anything to anyone. Not that they'd gotten very good practise with Scorpius. He'd taken the news much like he reacted to most thingsÑvery matter-of-fact. Like getting married was the natural next step in the process of solidifying the bond they already shared. He wasn't wrong, but it had left Hermione and Draco exchanging puzzled looks. Then shrugs. From the greenhouse, she and Draco walked through the pasture together in a new low-impact activity as part of Draco's recovery; he still couldn't swim for another couple of weeks. The morning air was damp and fresh, A was running around free, and the sun was shining behind grey clouds. "Scorpius asked about building a treehouse. Any idea why?" Outside of his fondness for climbing, based on the wall he worked to conquer every other day, Hermione could think of only one reason: "I remember Albus wanting a treehouse to celebrate making it to the trees." Something he did regularly now, each time less fearful and more confident. Draco looked like he'd bitten into a rotten lemon. "Must it be here?" "Yes." Rolling his eyes, Draco continued on. "Don't think I don't know you're out here checking the wards." Hermione nudged him. "I wasn't trying to be subtle." "I know, just like I know what you and Harry talk about now that he's been allowed back to work and is handling your duties in your absence." "How didÑ" "Being allowed back in my office has proved beneficial." Hermione preened. "Although, I do wonder if canvassing for Greyback is part of your duties? Because Harry's definitely taken on that role in your absence." "It is." Draco squinted at her. "The potion is ready and I know they've been conducting controlled experiments in Sherwood forest to lure him out. I know something is coming, and IÑ" "You've only been back at the Ministry one day." "I'm productive." Hermione offered a smile she knew was irritating. "One might say IÑ" "No." Draco took one look at her and frowned. "I already know what you're thinking and I'm not eager to live through another encounter between you and Greyback." Hermione clenched her jaw, adjusting her grip on his arm. "That was an exception, not the rule." "The exception had me finding pieces of youÑ" "Another exception had you dropping into the conservatory with a Wasting Curse eating away at your skin and bones, Draco." "That was different." "How exactly? I know what we agreed to before, that one of us needs to stay behind. I know why, but this is an entirely different situation. It won't be an ambush, at least on our part. I know Padma taught you the spell that temporarily turns a werewolf back into a human. I've heard enough of the plan, and it's solid. All of this couldÑ" "Granger." Hermione looked ahead at the approaching trees and inhaled the crisp morning air. "It appears we've already reached an impasse before the argument began." "No, we haven't. Because this isn't an argument." "Oh? You don't want me involved and I refuse to sit this out." She couldn't hold back her frustration. "What happened at the park showed me that we're better when we actively work together. It's when we split up or when we're ambushed that everything goes to shite." He made a small noise. "Don't shut me out." Hermione turned and held his gaze. "Greyback is my fight just as much as he's yours, if not more. I'm not a damsel in distress, Draco. I'mÑ" "The source of my stress. Trust me, I know." Hermione almost laughed at how put out he sounded but she couldn't. Not when she had more to say. "GreybackÑhe robbed me of my peace of mind and my sense of security. My independence. The nightmares aren't as bad anymore, but I deserve the chance to take back some of the control I lost." She stopped walking when he did. "You and Harry have already worked out an agreement. I only want to be part of it. I want to contribute. You said it yourself, I'mÑ" "Obstinate, reckless, and dangerous with any spell that involves maximum damage with minimum effort." Her smile grew. "All compliments." A quirk of humour flashed before sentiment settled and Draco's expression turned serious. "You should know I never intended to shut you out. I planned on briefing you when we had something more concrete than sightings, like if he began to move in the direction they're leading him in when the potion was tested later this week. Perhaps when we were closer to triangulating his area." Oh. "And if I hadn't pressed the issue or insisted?" "I wouldn't have either. But given who you are, I already knew the likelihood of your silence on the matter was slim." Hermione chuckled as she looked back at the house. "Andromeda and your mother will be around for tea soon enough." At least, they would if today was a better day than the one before. "Now that you're done fussing, it would be a shame to waste this moment alone." Draco draped an arm over her shoulder and pulled her to his side. "They're exceedingly rare these days." "We just had a moment alone this morning." And their soak in the clawfoot tub after had left them scrambling to dress and get ready before Scorpius woke up. "I'm greedy." The murmured words tickled her temple before he kissed it. "You know this." "I do." And so was she. Their lips met in a languid kiss, teasingly slow and luxurious in the stolen moment of serenity before what was sure to be a long day. Only then did Draco let her pull him back along the path in the dormant grass. A loud whistle from Draco brought A running in their direction. When he caught up, Draco didn't miss a beat, picking up the puppy as he pointedly ignored Hermione's chuckle. "You're spoiling him, you know." "He's tired." A's tongue hung loose from the side of his mouth as Draco scratched his chin. "It's a long walk back to the house. No harm in helping him." "Remember that when he's a hundred pounds." Draco quirked a brow at her. "Feather-light charms aren't especially complicated." Well, he wasn't wrong. Zippy was serving tea to Andromeda and Narcissa when they entered the home. Draco and Hermione joined the sisters after declining a cup from the elf. Draco reviewed a stack of parchments from the table while A napped in the middle of the sunny conservatory, then he offered them to Zippy with an approving nod. "Draco, what are those for?" Narcissa asked. "Business with the other properties." "What business could you possibly have with theÑ" "Warding." Draco cleared his throat. "In preparation for a few tours in the summer." Grey eyes widened a fraction before he settled back into his normal demeanour. But it was too late. Today was a good day for his mother, and Hermione could see the wheels in Narcissa's head turning. Andromeda's, too. "The only reason you would need toÑ" Narcissa squinted exactly like Scorpius whenever Pansy got too close. "Draco, is there something you wish to tell me?" Once again, Hermione was looking back and forth between a mother and son. Only now, Andromeda was staring at her, tooÑwith a growing realisation. Well, some secrets couldn't last forever. "I may be losing my faculties but I am far from a fool. Draco, did you not explain to Miss Granger what this means?" "She's aware." Draco met his mother's challenging gaze. "MotherÉ" Narcissa turned to Hermione. "The only reason Draco would need to tour the properties is to introduce the elves to their new Mistress, which meansÑ" "We're engaged," Draco said, rather ineloquently. The room was very quiet. "Oh my." Andromeda sounded vastly entertained. Finite Incantadem revealed her ring. Narcissa said nothing for a full minute while Hermione and Draco glanced at each other in silent conversation. Hermione's head tilt meant: well? Draco's slight shrug said: it could have been worse. Narcissa finally placed her hands on the table and exhaled after taking a deep breath. "I have stated countless times that Draco must marry, that it is my wish, but seeing him and Scorpius happy here has made me realise my error." It was the last comment Hermione expected. Draco peered at his mother as if he didn't recognise her. "Are you sayingÑ" "Miss Granger has told me several things with varying degrees of exasperation and anger over the length of our association, but perhaps she was right. Marriage does not guarantee stability or even happiness. It is not a remedy to loneliness. IÑ" Narcissa touched her necklace. "I do not know why I am saying this, or why I would dream of discouraging you from the one thing I wanted most, but if you are doing this because of me. WellÉ" "We're not." Of that, Hermione was certain. "Perhaps when I first approached the topic, it was about giving you some peace on the matter, butÑ" "I wanted it to be real." A deep sincerity touched Draco's voice. He didn't show this side of himself often, and it left everyone suspended in the silence that followed. "Not only is it real, but it's also a purely selfish choice. On both of our parts." The corners of Andromeda's lips twitched. Narcissa continued to stare at her son. "IÑ" Hermione paused. "You told me loving Lucius was a choice and I understand that more than ever now. It's one Draco and I make even when we're frustrated with each other." Her eyes wandered to the man sitting beside her, the man who was watching her with curious intensity. "Especially then, if I'm being honest. Each day this feels less like a choice and more like an inevitability." Like gravity. "It justÉ happened." "Now who's sentimental?" Draco's eyes searched hers before he smirked. "Weren't you just berating me aboutÑ" "I was, and I'll continue to aggravate you forever. Do you have a point?" "IÑNo." Draco rose slowly to his feet, still stiff but far more fluid than days before. "I must be off. I have therapy with Bones shortly and Granger has thirty minutes before her Floo briefing with Kingsley about the list of volunteers to put out the fire next week." His amusement was evident in a mischievous grin as he kissed Hermione's cheek and bid his mother and aunt goodbye. "Have fun." Oh. Oh no. A smile crept across Narcissa's face. Like a spider with prey tangled in its web, the older witch knew she had Hermione cornered. "Oh." Hermione tried to stand, but her knees met the table's edge and the teacups rattled on their saucers. She sat back, trying again to grasp for a swift exit strategy. "IÉ only just remembered I have to call Padma. Her wedding is this weekend, and uhÑ" "Never mind that." Narcissa, emboldened by the growing look of horror on Hermione's face, leaned forward with interest. "All that can wait. We must get a start on plans right away. Basic ideas, at the very least." "Thirty minutes can't hurt." Andromeda grinned. "Draco said you're available." "Et tu?" Hermione had never felt more betrayed. "Really?" "What? Dare to dream." She thumbed over to Narcissa. "Or indulge hers." "No need for the dramatics, Miss Granger." Narcissa took a delicate sip of her tea. "I only wish to discuss the most mundane things today. Seasons, colours, things of the like. It should not take long at all. A summer wedding would be beautifulÉ" Hermione was late to her meeting. February 3, 2012 Scorpius Malfoy was a people person. At least, to a certain extent. And for certain people. He craved the company of those who mattered to him, and he was polite to those who didn't, but there was some barrier between just enough people and too many. As for the exact number of that transition, Hermione wasn't sure, but at the elaborately decorated welcome feast, Scorpius found his threshold. Within the span of a breath, he went from shyly waving at the long line of arriving guests with his father and the entire wedding party to fusing himself against Hermione's side. She suspected it had a lot to do with the attention; too much of it and he would clam up and wilt. There were well over a hundred people in attendance. Not that she could blame the guests for their coos of adoration. Scorpius looked adorable in his burnt orange kurta and the oversized sunglasses Blaise slipped onto his face at the last minute. Despite clinging to her silk turquoise saree the entire night, he seemed to enjoy the festivities. The dancing entertained him and even as a normally picky eater, he hummed his appreciation for the food. The music he clapped along with, and the culture he was experiencing for the first time with a twinkle in his bright blue eyes. It was magical to witness. With her there, he didn't mind the other guests or the unfamiliar sights. Scorpius laughed loudly upon seeing his father dance for the first time, and smiled when one of Padma's aunts referred to him as Hermione's son while complimenting their appearance. Hermione didn't correct her. There was no need. "Thank you." She'd done a little reading on the wedding festivities and could explain some things to the confused little boy, but not everything needed words when the example of love and two families unifying was all around them. Fireworks lit up the sky, and the only proof of Draco's presenceÑas he was off with the wedding party and the parents of the bride and groom completing smaller ritualsÑwas the silence that fell the moment it started. He'd done the same for Scorpius, from wherever he was, and in peace, they watched the show in silent wonder. Adequate words did not exist to express how she felt with the warm weight of a sleepy Scorpius in her arms and the brilliant display of magic lighting up the sky. A low conversation by the Floo resulted in Scorpius deciding to spend the rest of the weekend with the other children at the Burrow. Molly was still awake when Hermione delivered him, but Scorpius was not. He only barely opened his eyes as she laid him next to Albus, and was asleep again before the door closed behind her. February 4, 2012 Hermione imagined a nice weekend alone with Draco in their rooms at Zabini Manor, but in reality, wedding party duties meant no opportunity to take advantage of their suite. The first time she saw Draco that morning was after the private sunrise Tilak ceremony, which ended with Blaise emerging with the physical proof of Padma's father's blessing: a dot of red Kumkum paste on his forehead. He was on his way to the Kelvan ritual, which he and Theo decided to attend with Blaise, who had no brothers, but the sight of Draco in a simple light blue sherwani and an ivory churidar measured to precision made Hermione retract every condescending thought she'd ever had about Parvati objectifying him all those months ago. "I was right, wasn't I?" Parvati nudged her in the ribs, then fixed a bit of her lavender saree that had gone awry. "I'll leave you to ogle him in peace while I flaunt my fit as fuck date around all the naysayers at lunch after prayer." "Fit?" Hermione cocked a brow. "I see things are going well." "Nobody is more surprised than me." She eyed Charlie, who'd cleaned up well in a green kurta and was standing between Percy and Lee Jordan. "I'm beginning to understand the appeal of a man whose single pursuit is me." Hermione chuckled and watched her saunter off before following the visual trail back to Draco. In a moment of quiet honesty, she could admit that it wasn't just the traditional robes that drew her attention the entire day, even as she was surrounded by friends. It was Draco Malfoy embracing his role as a groomsman: socialising, comfortably speaking Hindi, and wearing so much colour. It was Draco Malfoy exemplifying his knowledge about each traditional magical aspect of the ceremony. It was Draco Malfoy running perfect interference with Theo on Mrs Zabini when she so much as stepped a toe out of line. Like so many other things in his life, Hermione knew his actions were born from a sense of duty, though this time it was to his friend rather than his family. But part of her had to quietly wonder if his wholehearted dedication was also an exercise in avoidance and distraction. They hadn't talked much about what would be happening on Monday morning. Extinguishing the fire. Hermione had forgotten about all of that by the time she stood in front of Draco, each holding a Mango leaf they'd used to cover Blaise and Padma in turmeric paste during the joint Halad Chadavane ceremony. She'd seen so much of his competence and selectively-aimed charm at play that it left her visibly flustered. "You lookÉ" Draco's eyes wandered down today's saree. "Bahut khoobsoorat." That one she knew. Very beautiful. When Draco left with Blaise and Theo, a cackling Ginny handed her a glass of ice water. "You look parched." Pansy looked like the cat that ate the canary. "If Draco asks, I've stepped out to cool down." He would know where to find her. Unfortunately, Hermione's plan to end up in the infamous reading area while everyone celebrated was foiled by Padma's surprise request to join her for the Mehndi ritual that evening. "You said you wanted those closest to you there. IÑ" "So much has changed." As Padma took Hermione's hands, the cool glass from her green bangles brushed against her skin. "Which is why I'd like you there." The ritual went on for hours. Everyone in attendance sang, danced, ate, and chatted while Padma's grandmother used Mehndi and magic to draw intricate designs and ancient runes on her granddaughter's hands and feet. Entranced, Hermione watched her friend's skin glow with the symbols of her family's acceptance and best wishes. Something peaceful settled over Padma as the older witch weaved magic in a language Hermione couldn't speak. But she recognised the runes. Their language was universal. Love. Happiness. Prosperity. Joy. Fertility. Mrs Zabini frowned in distaste at everything, but was too polite to decline Padma's mother's offering to do the same with different runes. There were so many aunts and cousins present that no one was left out. Hermione had little recollection of time passing in the electric atmosphere. Parvati whinged but eagerly held out both hands to whom she'd declared her favourite aunt. And when six of their aunts and cousins turned to the rest of their friend group, Pansy, Luna, Daphne, and Ginny were quick to accept. Susan was hesitant. Both Hermione and Cho tried to decline. But in the end, they all agreed together. "We'll hide your love's name in the Mehndi and when you see them, turn it into a game." "IÉ" Cho's smile faded. "Love is confusing right nowÉ It's something I can neither cry or smile about." Hermione was struck by her honesty. "But I've spent a lot of time with myself, rebuilding and loving who I've become, letting go of my anger and bitterness. I don't know where I'm going but maybeÉ" She exhaled as the first runes drawn on her hand began to glow. "I'll close my eyes and you can draw my name in the Mehndi. I'll find it myself." Because she loved herself. "I can do that." Padma's cousin flashed a sincere smile. Relaxed from the ritual, Hermione stared at Cho for so long it earned her a strange look. "What?" "I know we aren't close, but maybe going forward we can change that." Cho's smile grew slowly. "I'd like that very much." February 5, 2012 Draco was already gone when she woke, but he'd left a cup of tea. Green tea for the energy Hermione would ultimately need to get through the day. The ceremony was just as beautiful as their greenhouse elopement. Once the auspicious silk shawl that hung between them while a priest chanted fell away, Blaise and Padma only had eyes for each other. Nothing else in the entire world mattered. Not Padma's deep scar proudly on display, even with the Mundavalya on her head. Not when they were nearly blinded by the shower of Akshata. Not during the mishap that occurred while the two exchanged garlands and nearly knocked Blaise's Pheta off. Hermione's eyes were on Draco during the ceremony. While the bride and groom took seven rounds around the holy fire and warm magic filled the air, for the first time, she allowed herself to think about what their ceremony would entail. No, she wouldn't be wearing a silk Paithani saree like Padma, but something light and ivory. Instead of a cream, red and gold kurta like Blaise, maybe she could convince Draco to wear something other than black. Maybe. A smile twitched at her lips. She doubted it. Ever-observant, Draco quirked a brow at her. Hermione's thoughts carried her through the rest of the ceremony and into the reception, drifting to Draco, whose eyes fell on her more times than she could count. He was busy with groomsmen activities but she knew one thing. He liked her lehenga. It was elaborate for her tastes, but Hermione had to admit she liked the way it made her feel. Pastel green, it had a floral design studded across the bottom. By the time Draco finally found her and dropped a warm hand on a curve of bare skin, she was mid-conversation with two Patil cousins, one very amused Pansy, and both Greg and his petite wife, Dahlia, who had a laugh ten times the size of her body. She reminded Hermione of Luna, which was fitting as the two bonded immediately upon their introduction. Polite yet dry, Draco smoothly extracted Hermione from the conversation and had the decency not to give the men a look cold enough to stop time. He led her in the direction of the wedding party table with two words in greeting. Both short and sweet. "We're eloping." Though it had been a beautiful process of joiningÑnot just two people, but their entire familiesÑHermione couldn't agree more. Dinner was an elaborate affair that led right into dancing around an ecstatic bride and groom. Hermione lost track of everyone as the floor crowded, but she noted Cho and Theo talking alone and thought it curious before Draco whispered something that pulled her into action. "Follow me." Hermione lingered a polite length of time before following him out through the great doors. Draco was waiting for her by the window in a very familiar place. The open reading area was just as she remembered it, save for tonight's addition of floating diyas. Candlelight cast dancing shadows across the shelves, highlighting Draco's figure as he feigned interest in whatever book was open in his hands. But his lack of glasses meant he couldn't read a word and was being dramatic just for the sake of appearances. He certainly made quite the visual. Like the rest of the wedding party, he'd changed out of his ceremony garb and into something more fitting for the reception: a darker grey, long-sleeved sherwani with a lighter grey and navy kurta beneath that bore a floral design. His long legs erred on the side of excess in the churidar that was fitted in all the right places. If it was any less alluring, she might have been aggravated that he managed to look handsome in any attire. "Your thoughts are loud." "They are." Hermione couldn't settle her mind if she tried. "We have a long day tomorrow." "It's delayed due to rain. I received word this morning. We can pick up Scorpius in the morning rather than tonight." Delay wasn't denial; the gathering at the Manor was still happening, but picking up Scorpius in the morning hadn't been part of the plan. "Oh?" "We canÑ" "Let me guess, we can enjoy a selfish night. WaitÑ" Hermione slowed down and remembered what she'd learned. "Profiter... d'une soirŽe... Žgo•ste." "Tu t'es entra”nŽe." Draco's playful tone was more sweet than sinful but her pulse fluttered nonetheless. Yes, she had been practising; she was eager to learn, eager to spend another Christmas in the mountains with him and Scorpius without the need for a full-time translator. "J'ai un bon professeur." The compliment on his teaching skills made him smirk, but it faded as his gaze dropped to the intricate patterns weaved across her arm. "I see you." Three words stole her breath. Standing in front of him, she was open, overexposed, but the weight of his stare was anything but agitating. "Do you?" It was emboldening. "What do you see?" Each step brought her closer. He waited until she was within arm's length before his fingertips found her bare skin once again. It only lasted for a second. Moving to her shoulders, he traced the dark henna design, in search of where she'd hidden her heart. First, he found Scorpius in the Mehndi on her right palm. A carnation in full bloom. Then, he found himself hidden in the runes on the back of her left hand. A crescent moon. Still locked in an orbital dance with the Earth beneath it, their definition of gravity had been given a new meaning in this design. No longer held at arm's length, like this, they were together. Eternally. Distant echoes of the party filtered through the corridors, but Hermione ignored them when Draco drew her closer. Her shoulders tensed as his grin softened into a smile of understanding. Draco tilted her chin up and brushed his lips over hers, murmuring, "Are you going to tell me no?" She nipped his bottom lip. "No, but as a warning, I'm not wearing anyÑ" Draco swallowed her words with a deep kiss, groaning at the taste of her. They made it no farther than where they stood. Confident hands wound under her lehenga, while hers made quick work untying his churidar and yanking it down. One leg hooked around his waist, the other tilted up on tiptoes against the floor; the light material of her lehenga slid up, inviting him to come closer. And he did. The tip of his cock pressed against her core on an inhale, then he sank inside on her exhale. "Shhh." Draco's voice was thick and smooth like whisky. "Someone might hear you." That wasÉ exhilarating. Draco tested her ability to hold back, and she had never cared less about failing in spectacular fashion. But the music drowned out every noiseÑthe moans and groans, whispers and demands paled in comparison to the symphony of celebration. Breathing each other in, they lost all sense of their surroundings. Hermione rushed headlong into agonising oblivion with each of Draco's sharp, brutal strokes. She was on the edge, already ready to burn for sweet release. It had been a long few days, and this slice of solace was steeped in a weekend's worth of longing to be near him for more than a few minutes at a time. He picked her up, taking the last thread of her control with him, and pressed her back against the shelves. "Driving. Me. Mad." Each word was a scrape of teeth against her neck. "Fuck, Hermione. I'm Ñ" "Harder." Carving her crescent-shaped signature into the nape of his neck, she gasped, "Yes. Just like thÑ" Fisting his hair, pleasure snapped her spine. Hermione took Draco over the edge with her. Her name on his lips melted into a slow, sweet kiss. But euphoria didn't last. Between the end of one song and the start of the next, they heard two sets of heels on the hardwood. Two voices laughing and talking. Two peopleÑapproaching. Their eyes widened in a mix of humour and horror as they scrambled apart. A comedy of errors ensued as Draco tripped over his own two feet and Hermione snagged her lehenga trying to retrieve her wand from its hidden pocket. They were both lounging on the sofa by the time Pansy and Daphne appeared arm in arm. All looked normal enoughÑor close to it. Draco had a book in his lap to cover his untied churidar and Hermione had an excuse on the tip of her tongue as to why one heel was by the window and the other was on her foot. Pansy's eyes narrowed into slits without hesitation. "Tell me you didn't." When Draco choked back a laugh, Hermione smiled and said, "We didn't." February 7, 2012 The fire was still alive. From the top of a nearby hill, the warded dome shimmered like a child's snow globe. Yet the scene inside the magical boundary was anything but innocent. Roaring flames echoed loud enough to reach where Hermione stood with her arm looped through Draco's. They watched in silent reverie for the last time as flames licked the outline of the wards that had stood the test of time. Hermione's eyes travelled to the faceless crowd surrounding the once grand homeÑsome they knew, most they didn't. Everyone was there for one purpose. Extinguishing the flames. The wards flickered only once before dissolving in a dazzling display of light. For a heartbeat, there was nothing but silence. No one dared to breathe. A deafening roar tore through the air as the Fiendfyre arced newly-freed arms of flames outward, reaching for anything it could touch. Spreading in all directions, it attacked. Mutating into a fiery beast, it rose higher than the structure it had been confined to for so long. Shaken from their initial stupor, the crowd fanned out. Narcissa gasped. Hermione's grip on Draco's arm tightened to keep him in place. The ground beneath their feet shook. Her ears felt as though they were about to explode. The flames intensified, fed by the oxygen and magic. The Fiendfyre's heat radiated all the way up the hill and the power of its anger rattled the earth. But when they regrouped, they all had their orders. Some went on the offensive, flinging counter-spells and advancing, while others strategically hung back. The fire fight lasted well past the peak of day, leaving the sun obscured by a blanket of smoke. Ash covered everythingÑwhat was once green now looked like the surface of the moon. Devoid of life. And though the sight was forever burned into Hermione's memory, it was the smellÑthe combination of sulphur and magicÑthat left her dizzy in the hours that followed. But she didn't flinch. She didn't cover her nose and mouth like Andromeda and Narcissa when it became too much. No. Hermione stood beside Draco, and they watched favour swing back and forth like a pendulum between the fighters and the flames. But magic was no match for those who could wield it and wrestle it into submission. The fire grew weaker with each spell cast. Draco's hand shook despite his face remaining carefully blank as the last of the flames were extinguished. Silence sat heavy in the aftermath. Plumes of smoke sent their offerings to the skies in pillars. Memories laid bare in the wreckage. A low groan cracked the quiet, and she was reminded that the Manor had only been held together by cursed flames and magic. It finally started to creak and crumble, just as it was meant to years ago when the stasis wards were placed. The Manor was reduced to rubble in minutes with a resounding crash. A pained sob ripped through the air. Heart-wrenching and raw, it was hard to tell if Narcissa's cry was from sorrow or relief. Draco let go of Hermione's hand and hugged his mother close, then tighter as her legs went weak. Hermione looked to the ashy sky to keep her own emotions in check. She didn't know how long they stood there. Time was marked only by the uneven sniffling of Narcissa regaining her composure. Years of waiting had led to this moment; she had no intention of rushing the family staring down the smouldering ruins of their legacy. When Hermione next looked around, the volunteers were goneÑlikely back to the restaurant Draco had rented out for the day in Diagon Alley. Only four remained. Hermione lingered with Andromeda as the Malfoys decided to make the haunting walk to the grounds where their home once stood. "I heard this was your doing." Andromeda wrapped an arm around Hermione's shoulders as they waited. "Kingsley told me this was what you wanted out of helping the restoration." "It was." Hermione looked down. "Draco and I came here in August and IÑhindsight is always so clear. I didn'tÑ" She looked at the mother and son staring at the rubble that was once their home. "All Draco could see then was destruction. He felt trapped by the fire, held in stasis by the flames, and I-I wanted to show him that he wasn't. To give him a chance to create something of his own." "He has." This place had seen death and sadness, was reduced to charred remains, but a light breeze shook a layer of ash from the trees. It was a reminder that the land hadn't died. Nature persisted. The grounds would remain, forever infused with memories of happiness and sorrow, life and loss. The change of seasons would bring new growth from the decay. Narcissa couldn't stay much longer. She and Andromeda left together with a small pop. For what felt like hours, Draco walked the area with his hands behind his back, carefully stepping on broken wood beams and charred brick. Only the foundation survived. Hermione dissipated enough of the ash cloud for the sun to shine on the space. Grey eyes landed on her in invitation and an outstretched hand beckoned. She joined him in the centre of the rubble. It didn't take long for Draco to break the silence. "You're in awe of all this." "I am," Hermione answered honestly. "You know me, I see beauty in everything." "Ever the optimist." "To balance your pessimism." She cleared a spot in the rubble with her foot. "But I wonder how truly pessimistic you are. Creation is an act of letting go and you're doing just thatÑ you've been doing that. Only now, you're choosing the unknown instead of the known. You're thinking of more than Scorpius' future, you're thinking of your own." "You've been a terrible influence." "Or the best." Hermione smiled when she felt him behind her. She leaned back against his chest as his arms wound around her shoulders. "Not that you'll admit it." "I won't." But in saying that, he did. And they both knew it. Draco took her hand and led the way, clearing a path in the wreckage for them to stand on even ground. When he stopped, so did she. "What is it?" "A lot has happened here, but without the walls, it's hard to remember." His following chuckle was dry if a little sad. "My father died here and I thought I'd remember exactly where he stood when I last saw him, but now that I'm here, I can't rebuild the layout in my mind." "Maybe it's better this way." Draco made a small noise and turned his back to her. "I thought I'd feel something different than I do now." "What do you feel?" "Relief." The sun caught his face and Draco closed his eyes in the warmth, inhaling the breeze. Hermione wondered if he could finally understand the beginning found in each end. "We can stay as long as you'd like." "We can go." Draco looked around one last time and exhaled. "I'm ready." Clouds hung low and lazy over the Earth. The sky darkened as night drew near. The storm building wasn't outside. It lived within Draco. Whatever peace he'd found earlier was challenged by a restlessness that had no name. Hermione wasn't the only one who had sensed it. A lot of sleeve-tugging and long looks had preceded Scorpius dragging his father into the kitchen after dinner and a climb up the newly created wall on the side of the house. His only request had been signed. Bake with us, please. Not something they did often or for the reward of sweets, but Scorpius had begun to adopt her habit of wanting to make something when he felt frustrated and needed some semblance of distraction. And he wanted his father to do the same. So they made a sad, lemon meringue pie. Draco's assistance was begrudging at best until Scorpius' glare softened his father's hard edges enough for active participation. Kneading dough, cracking eggs, and testing Hermione's French while the pie baked improved Draco's mood. It was further lifted when his mother, Andromeda, Pansy, and Daphne all came over to enjoy the impromptu dessert. Alone again, with Scorpius asleep and little A tucked in beside himÑhis storm brewed, barely concealed beneath the surface of composure. Hermione observed him from the entrance to the conservatory. In no hurry to intrude, she left to make them both drinks to give him time with his thoughts. The success of the day weighed heavy on him, equally with grief and relief, but that wasn't the only thing on his mind. Ignored since he'd declined Kingsley, the parchment made a reappearance two days ago and had followed him through every room in the house since. When she returned, drinks in hand, Draco was once again reading over the offer. Then he put it down, took off his glasses, and turned to the star-filled sky beyond the glass above him. Hermione knew the reason for the parchment's re-emergence. Kingsley needed an answer. "I brought you a drink." Whisky for his troubles and wine for her resolveÑsomething a little robust she'd chosen from the part of Narcissa's collection that had made its way to their home. They drank on the sofa in silence, enjoying each other's presence with her legs draped over his lap. Draco's free hand was on her thigh, his thumb absently swiping back and forth. It was hard to believe she'd once hated these silent moments; they were now some of her favourites. Their second drink was enjoyed in front of the window. There was no third. Hermione felt good with Draco's arms around her, leaning against him as they watched the sky. When he rested his chin on the crown of her head, she asked, "How are you?" "Better." Hermione turned her back to the pasture illuminated by the moon nearing its peak to face the storm inside the conservatory. "Any news from your team tracking Greyback?" "With the full moon so close, I didn't send them out." "Good." That narrowed her mental list of his worries. "Still looking for someone to take your seat?" His gaze remained focused on the moon. "I am." "Hmm. I know you're making a list of candidates, which is efficient. I just thinkÑ" "You're probing." "I am." A hand on his jaw drew his eyes to hers. When Draco drank, his cheeks took on a charming pinkish hue. "I told you we would revisit this conversation. You won't find what you're looking for in any candidate's profile." "GrangerÉ" "It's you." The sweep of Hermione's thumb across his cheek was affection incarnate. "It has always been you. There is no better option available. And what's worse is that you know it. You have known it since he asked, but you're tooÑ" "Realistic? No one wants to see a Malfoy in any aspect of government, much less the Wizengamot." "Maybe not any Malfoy, no. But as it stands, you happen to be rather well likedÑespecially right now." Judging from his sour expression and the way he'd been dodging interview requests, he couldn't stand it. Draco scowling at Parvati when she asked on behalf of her colleagues was amusing to everyone except the parties directly involved. He cleared his throat and looked away. "I'm certain they'll wake up and remember I'mÑ" "You." Draco took a deep breath, but said nothing more as he returned to the sofa. Hermione remained firmly in her spot, watching and waiting out his irritation until the silence stretched too thin. "You are more than capable and I'm not the only one who sees it. Tearing yourself down is no longer an option, much less something I'll allow you to do." Draco scrubbed a hand over his face. "I know you have plans for the Apothecary." Frustration bled from Hermione's veins. "I know you want to fully immerse yourself in the shadows in order to give Scorpius a quiet life without judgement that stems from your past. I want that life for him, too. I want that life for us, and I don't think this will hinder those plans. Before the Wizengamot involved themselves in every bit of Ministry business, their sessions only lasted half the year and not everything would require a hearing. The course to return to that has already been set by Percy and his successor is continuing down that path." Draco summoned the whisky bottle and poured himself another two fingers. After a passing moment in deep contemplation, he drank, wincing at the bite. "I have no interest in the machinations of politics, nor do I care to involve myself. You, of all people, should know this." "Forgiveness, repentance, and atonement." The strength of her tone made him freeze. "You said that you're still working out the last one for yourself." "I can atone in other ways." "I agree. You can." "Is this the part where you'll tell me the same thing you told Kingsley?" He cocked a sarcastic brow. "What was it? What a man does with power." "Yes, but it goes much deeper. It's about character. What a person will defend and what they'll resist; what they do when their back is against the wall and everything that matters is at stake." Every hard lesson she'd learned gave her the patience to wait for Draco to speak. But he didn't. He just stared at the empty glass in his hand, lost in thought. Her restraint wore thin. "Everything you were, everything you are, and everything you'll become has been marked through your choices. Like lowering a wand in an Astronomy Tower. Not identifying people you clearly knew. Helping a friend elope and marrying her sister instead to provide for their family. Becoming an Auror, protecting your family, having a son, taking care of meÑ" "Granger." "You aren't him anymore, Draco." Truth spilled like silk from her lipsÑsmooth, easy. Hermione picked up the parchment and held it in both hands. "I have learned, every step of the way, that you have grown past that boy. You are so much more now, yet you're the only one who doesn't see it. This seat wouldn't make you someone else. And it wouldn't turn you back into who you were either." "Say what you like but people will always suspect me. There is no escaping my past." "Since when do you care what people think?" Hermione watched tension settle in the ridge of his shoulders and the clench of his jaw. "You can create your own future by using your past. You want to atone? You aren't the only person who's made wrong decisions and needed mercy. There are more, there will be more. You have an opportunity to pay it forward." Draco set his glass down and turned the full weight of his attention to her. "Tiberius is a prime example that fear of losing power corrupts those who desire it." Hermione drew closer, settling next to him and lacing their hands together. "I see you. I know you. And I understand some part of you is afraid others might never trust you because you still struggle to trust yourself, but it's clear to me why Kingsley asked you." "KingsleyÑ" "Trusts you. As do I." Hermione refused to let him look away, cupping his jaw when he tried to look up at the night sky. "You want a better future for Scorpius? This is your chance to be part of its creation. Lead by example. Nothing can be accomplished from sitting in the shadows." His focus narrowed on her. He was listening. "Teach him by righting the wrongs your family benefited from in the past. Bigotry, nepotism, the corruption that empowered the MalfoysÑnow is your chance to atone for the sins society perpetuated before us. You can be a part of the solution. Clean it up for him, for yourself, and for us." Draco's stare was piercing but he said nothing in response. The pensive furrow of his brow told her enough. A heavy sigh spoke louder than words as he returned to the window. Hermione didn't protest. "And if I say no?" "Then we'll keep looking for someone to fill the seat." Hermione joined him, drawn to his side by the undeniably magnetic pull that kept them in each other's orbit. "I won't love you any less." "If at any point I choose to leaveÑ" "Then so be it." Hermione shrugged. "It means it wasn't meant for you. I wouldn't even consider it a failure, but rather something that's pointing you in the direction that you're supposed to take. Another step in the journey, if you will." "You knowÉ" Draco angled himself away from the window, reaching back to pull Hermione in front of him. With her back against his chest, she felt every ounce of his deep breath. "You could take the seat." "I could," she whispered, watching the moon rise above the treeline. "Once upon a time, I might haveÉ but I'm not that person anymore. I can't speak for the future, but right now I have other work to do." Like focusing on their family. Like finding a cure. The Earth held its breath in the stillness found only in the dead of night, but Hermione matched each inhale with his. Then each exhale. In then out. "I'll be one of fifty." "One is better than nothing." She leaned her head back against his shoulder. "But if this isn't what you want, I meant what I said. I'll support your decision either way." It took hours for the remnants of Draco's trepidation to dissolve, a volley of fears and reassurances filled the time, but Hermione stayed by his side. It may have already been dark outside, yet when Draco finally signed the parchment, she saw him step out of the shadows for the first time. February 9, 2012 It started with an impromptu Girls' Night. Once the usual attendees had arrived, Luna suggested they invite Greg's wife Dahlia. Catherine was escorting Scorpius to the Potters', and the little boy was instantly drawn to the woman who'd once been broken by his misery. She smiled and held her palm out facing him. Scorpius reached forward to touch it. "Your peace is warm." The little boy's smile lasted until he disappeared through the Floo with Catherine. Harry stumbled through the flames well after Ginny mixed the first set of drinks with a message, but his forlorn look at the spirits led to a vote, and when he was allowed to stay for the first time ever, he looked as though Christmas had come again already. Harry's admittance to the affair led to a pivot in the otherwise loose plans. Catherine volunteered to stay with the children and Harry dragged Draco from work. Earlier that day, his team had successfully drawn a target out of the forest and tracked it moving southwest. Hermione was anxious to know more about the results of the experiment, but that conversation would have to wait. Ron came through the Floo with Charlie and enough cheap chicken and cheaper beer for everyone. Pansy Floo called Percy. Both Greg and NevilleÑdirt on their hands and allÑ stumbled through a few minutes after Luna's hare bounced off. Dean arrived without Halia, after leaving her for the evening with his mother. Theo turned up last after a personal invitation from Hermione, when she realised no one else had reached out to him. Theo greeted Cho first, and while she didn't ignore him, she didn't take the open seat next to him either. Instead, Cho wedged herself between Parvati and Hermione. With Blaise and Padma on a break from their families disguised as a second honeymoon, they all reminisced about the wedding. Hermione had to nudge Draco six times to make him stop glaring at Ron's cheap beer, and Harry each time he offered Draco one, but overall it was a nice night. So nice, in fact, that Hermione let her guard down. Ron took a swig of warm beer. "At least we get a break from weddings until next December for George and Angelina's." "We'll see." Hermione chuckled. "If Narcissa has it her way, we'll be married by summer." "You'd have to be engaged first." Harry's laugh was loud in the silent room. Neither Draco nor Hermione protested. It was a split second slip-up, but there was no going back. "Wait." Pansy raised a drumstick like a weapon. "Are you?" Hermione and Draco's eye argument went on too long. Smirks from Percy, Theo, and Ginny grew wide and wild. Harry and Ron blinked at her. Neville was as cheery as Luna was smug. Dahlia didn't know their story, but she looked pleased nonetheless. Pansy appeared ready to scream or club them both with chicken. Charlie's chuckle cut the silence like a knife, and Parvati followed with a giddy squeal loud enough for them to cover their ears. Against all odds, Parvati's voice found an even higher pitch when Hermione ended the concealment spell and revealed her ring. "Since when?" At least four of their friends said at once. "New Year's Eve." Draco smirked. "Morning." Pansy and Daphne joined Parvati in yelling, especially given the fact that they'd brought in the year as a group. Their friends were putting the pieces of all their interactions together, and Hermione couldn't help but laugh as they theorised out loud. It would have gone on longer had a corporeal Patronus not come hurling into the conservatory. We've tracked GreybackÉ just as you anticipated, he'sÉ here. Hermione looked at Draco. "Here?" "The Manor." Harry and Draco were on their feet at once, the former kissing his wife and the latter looking at Hermione when she stood as well. "You aren't going, are you?" Cho asked her quietly. Hermione's eyes never left Draco. "I am." "You're going to let her?" Ron argued from somewhere to her left. "After what happened last time? It's madnessÑ" "It is," Draco agreed. Ron was momentarily stunned. "Wait what?" "But short of an Imperius, there's not a force in existence that could stop her. Unless you plan on casting it, I don't think it's up to either of us." Draco looked down, the corner of his mouth twitching. "Which is why Granger will need a better pair of shoes." A determined smile spread across Hermione's lips before she took off for the bedroom. She returned in a flash, dressed properly with everything she needed; her beaded bag was fully stocked and her wand was tucked securely in its holster. Draco and Harry were waiting in front of the fireplace with their friends gathered nervously around the room. They'd sorted everything out in her absence. Daphne would keep Scorpius, Ron would call her parents, and Pansy would notify Narcissa and Andromeda of what was happening. "Keep each other safe." Ginny's parting words were directed at all three. They would. Hermione looped an arm through Draco's. They left with a crack just behind Harry. One team made up of two Aurors and two Task Force members were waiting in the clearing of the haunting ruins of the Manor. The air still smelled like magic, but it was no longer thick to the point of suffocation. If any of them were surprised to see Hermione, they kept it to themselves. "Status." Draco and Harry spoke as one. They were as unified as the blend of teams around them. "Margot and her team of four tracked him two kilometres north of here, but they're keeping their distance. Moon is at ninety-seven percent tonight." Only one night past its peak of full. Greyback would be near his full strength, too. "We have tracking charms set to take us to them, but we were waiting for your arrival." Draco pulled out a familiar vial. "Everyone needs two drops. This will last for an hour." With dusk approaching, that was all the time they had before the risk began to outweigh the reward. Each took it without question. Even Harry. "You four stick together." Draco was last to take his dose. "Potter, stay with us." Both Harry and Hermione were surprised, but the fizzing and crackling tracking orb ended all conversation. The white light died. The earth shook with the force of magic, yet that wasn't what marked the start of trouble. It was the howl. Primal and raw, it chilled Hermione to the core. "There's no telling where they are now." "No, butÑ" Harry pointed a short distance away. "We can start there." There was a faint cloud of smoke rising above the dense forest. It took two jumps to reach their destination. A small clearing of freshly scorched earth. They found half of Margot's team. At least, they found their bodies. Between the burnt trees and blistered ground, smoke and cinders rose from where life once existed. It cast an eerie haze over the scene as they inched around slowly. On high alert, they secured the area with their wands out. Draco and Harry silently signalled in the direction each group needed to move. But nobody had a chance. Pounding footsteps. Rustling tree branches. Something came bursting into the clearing closest to them. Not something. Someone. Not Greyback. A woman. "Margot!" one of the Task Force members called. Margot raced towards them at top speed. "He ambushed us," she gasped, still out of breath and frantic with fear. "He's been watching." Torn necks of the team members and the fire told the story of what happened next. The prey became the predator. Margot stood still while Hermione healed her superficial injuries. "We led him in the woods and got separated. I told Lea to come back here because we knew Ñ" Another Task Force member stumbled into the clearing, tripping over a rock in the rush to reach safety. She, too, had been running for her life. "Incoming!" The lone word was not warning enough. A monstrous, misshapen Greyback was still partly transformed from the full moon the day before and covered in blood as he charged out of the trees into the clearing. He snapped trees like they were twigs and moved his broken, bloodied limbs like pain was little more than an inconvenience. One sight in mind. Beneath the stench of ozone and smoke, there was the scent Greyback had locked on. Her. Or, more accurately: them. Hermione hardened her resolve for the fight as everyone fanned out in a semi-circle amongst the rubble. Margot was weak, but she took a place at Hermione's side when Greyback charged. He lunged at the pair of Aurors carrying her scent. Draco's potion was working, but there was no time for celebration. Greyback moved like a blur, tossing both Aurors aside like dolls before they could get a single spell off. Task Force members began to engage, using blasting charms that might have stopped him months ago, but magic was no match for him today. Nothing prepared Hermione for the sight of Greyback taking direct stunners and shaking off other spells without slowing down. He showed no shred of humanity. Several howls broke out. Other wolves crowded around the clearing. Seven on one turned into them being outnumbered. The plan collapsed. Greyback's wolves had found them. And they were armed with wands and ready to defend their maker at all costs. Trapping quickly turned into a plan for defence. Hermione shot a spell at a tree in the distance, lighting it on fire. Draco looked at her with wide eyes. "Reckless?" "I need a distraction!" Harry gave her another one. Blue arrows rained fire in all directions from his wand, sending the wolves in a panic to cover themselves. It wasn't the flames they were fleeing from. It was the light. Today was the day after a full moon. They were drained. It was sensory overload. Hermione moved to shock their system again, but Draco beat her to it. Taking a move out of her book, he shot blasting spells at every burnt tree husk. Hermione had just enough time to cover her ears before the wood exploded. "Lumos Solem!" Barely a moment to look away, she shielded her eyes just before a flash of blinding light ignited the dusky sky with a glow that rivalled the sun. The wolves cowered. Trained for the unexpected, the Aurors and Task Force used the opportunity to their advantage. The clearing gave no room for cover. When spells started flying in earnest, Hermione found herself ducking and dodging while deflecting. Margot fought with a wild fury, casting binding gold ropes that wrapped themselves around the necks of two wolves and tightened. Assistance in the form of a spell from Hermione sent them flying back until a tree stopped their bodies and left them in a heap. The flames crackled on. Hermione glanced around just in time to watch an aggravated Draco stun the wolf nearest him. They both scanned the wreckage for any sign of Greyback. But the beast was gone. Distraction may have kept them safe for the time being, but it had driven the wolves and Greyback to retreat. Instinct lured them back into the woods. Harry was panting when he finally reached them. "Backup is coming. I sent everyone else to give chase to the wolves. Margot, stay here and wait for the others. I gave them our location, so keep this area secure." "Yes, sir." "We have to hurry." Hermione looked to the darkening sky. "Greyback will be impossible to find after nightfall." He might not know these woods, but his senses were sharper than theirs. "Maybe not." Harry shrugged. "But I managed to get a tracker on him before he fled." Draco was vaguely impressed. "How did youÑ" "I hit him with a tracking charm. It wasn't part of the plan butÑ" Harry waved in the general direction of the charred ruins. "Fire arrows, tree bombs, and blinding light weren't really part of the plan either." "You've always had a gift for thinking on your feet, Harry." Hermione smiled before looking over to Draco. "Shall we?" They both placed a hand on Harry's shoulders and allowed the spell to take them to their target. Or close to it. They landed near where they'd started, but the forest was dense, old, and damp, despite it not recently raining. Unease settled in the marrow of her bones as they listened for any sign of their targets. Light steps led Harry over rotting wood stumps. Hermione followed a safe distance after, and Draco covered them from behind. A low snarl and the snap of twigs barely registered before Greyback sprang from his hiding spot. Harry went down with a shout. His wand flew from his hand. Hermione aimed the strongest blasting spell she knew at Greyback. A jet of magic struck the centre of his chest and flung him back. One tree clipped his shoulder, a second caught his leg, then a third stopped his momentum as his hulking figure slammed against its trunk with a crack. But it wasn't enough. Hermione could hardly believe her own eyes. What would have immobilised even the most competent man only fuelled Greyback's fury. He looked up, locked eyes with her, and the earth slowed on its axis. For a moment, Hermione was back in the hospital hallway all those months ago. His hands tightened her throat andÑ It only lasted a second. This time, she was not at his mercy. This time, the tables had turned. He must have known it, too, because his roar of frustration shook the birds loose from the tree limbs in a mass exodus. Rage rattled in the air around them. Injured, still bleeding from the unhealed curse, and with fresh burns from Harry's arrows singed in his matted fur, Greyback looked every bit the monster of her worst nightmares. But they had a plan. Hermione and Draco took turns binding him with gold cords, then wound them around the tree to keep him in place. The tree hadn't been part of the plan, but the gold cords were. At least one thing had worked in their favour. Harry got to his feet and found his wand when they finally had Greyback properly restrained. There was barely any fur visible beneath the golden threads when they stopped chanting. "What do weÑ" "Malfoy, the incantation to turn him back?" Harry favoured one side, looking sick and flushed, but Hermione didn't have time to heal him yet. "I know it." Draco was slightly out of breath. "But I have to get close enough toÑ" Greyback's snarl sent them all stepping back in caution. He was straining against the binds, but they held. For now. "How close do youÑ" A sharp crack preceded an explosion as the top half of the tree snapped free from the pressure. Draco shoved Hermione out of the path of the falling evergreen and it landed with a resounding crash between them. Splinters sprayed like shrapnel in a wooden display of war. One look passed before the fight was on. At least this time they had better odds: three on one. For the first time, Greyback seemed confused by his own instincts, unable to tell which scent was truly hers in his critically injured state. All three of his opponents smelled the same. But then he charged. At her. She was in the middle, after all. Hermione's severing charm pierced his flesh and blood painted the forest floor. But it only slowed him momentarily. She braced for a blow that never came. Harry and Draco sent blasting charms from opposite sides. The opposing forces crushed him in the centre. Disoriented, Greyback stumbled. "Now!" Draco took off towards Greyback in a dead sprint while Hermione and Harry used every bit of magic to keep him off balance. Lights. Explosions. Anything and everything to disrupt his senses. Draco's first attempt failed, a swipe from Greyback sent him flying backwards. Unfettered, he ran towards danger once again. "Bind him!" Hermione went for something stronger than ropes and aimed her wand at the fallen tree. "Incarcifors!" It split apart and transfigured into a makeshift iron cage that creaked and groaned as Greyback bent it with a wet snarl. Harry hit him with a blasting charm from behind that sent him into the hole he'd created in the bars. Draco made it to the cage just in time, pressing his wand against Greyback's neck. In the middle of the chaos, she didn't hear the incantation, but she knew it worked when fangs and fur began to recede. They only needed a few minutes at most. Padma's spell wasn't meant for longevity, but neither was Greyback, who took another swipe. That time, Draco caught his arm. They both vanished with a pop. "Did you seeÑ" "He'll change back. It's temporary!" Hermione was already pulling at her compass necklace with shaking hands. It didn't just take her home. It took her to him. "You're not going anywhere without me." Harry limped to her side, gasping from the pain of what she could now see were likely broken ribs. "Can that take us both?" As it turned out, it could. The landing was hard and they both stumbled into the middle of the Manor's rose garden. Dusk left an ominous glow over the estate. It still reminded Hermione of a graveyard. She looked around for Draco and heard him coughing before she found him lying beneath an overgrown bush that was blooming much too soon. Harry pulled Draco to his feet. They stood around Greyback, who was seizing as the wolf left behind the broken body of a naked man with half his skin ripped apart. Dead eyes locked with hers and he tried to speak, but words were impossible while choking on blood and bile. Still, one managed to escape. "Finally." It paralyzed her mind but beckoned her body closer. "Don't." Harry stopped her. "He'sÑ" The spell began to fade. Greyback snarled and spat blood through elongating teeth that were sharpening before their eyes. Bones cracked like splintering wood. Screams of pain morphed into howls. Humanity gave way to the whims of the monster. The diseased wolf was returning to lay claim to the mangled man. There was no time to spare, and only one thing to do. Put them down. With measured fear in his eyes, Draco gave her the choice. It was her chance. Her opportunity to take back the peace Greyback had stolen from her. Hermione raised her wand, held it steady, and stared down the vinewood at the figure knowing what needed to be done. She took one breath. Then two. For all her anger and fear and hate, she still couldn't cast the spell. The emotions were there, aching in her bones, but they were masquerading as one another and mutating like wisps in the wind. "You can't." Harry lowered her arm with a shake of his head. "You have to mean it." "No." Draco's words were forged in the fire of determination, pain etched in every muscle it took for him to raise his wand. "No, you don't." Emotions blurred the lines between reality and belief. Draco dressed his fear as hate. "Avada Kedavra." February 12, 2012 A sea of people stretched in all directions, steeped in a reverent silence. Every eye in the crowd fell on one man. It was nothing short of magical. No one spoke. No one moved. They just waited to hear the words of their new Minister, who'd just had Interim officially removed from his title. Kingsley stood alone on the edge of the fountain in perfect silence for so long Hermione had no idea if he would speak at all. Until he raised his wand against his neck to amplify his words. "I was reminded by a friend that the measure of a man is what he does with power." From the hidden room overlooking the crowded Atrium, Hermione went so still that Scorpius looked at her in concern. Standing in a chair to get a better view of the sight below made them the same height; all he had to do was lean against her in an act of comfort. She pressed a quick kiss to his temple. "I'm fine." And she was. Even as they waited for the news. "While it can be used, misused, and abused, power can also transform the course of history. But this depends on both the character of the one wielding it and the choices they make. And while we are gathered here with the belief that I am the person who shall decide such things, I'm here to say that I am not. Under my leadership, that power rests with youÉ all of you." The door opened, and soon Draco was a presence beside her. An internal investigation had kept him away all day in a meeting that even her temporary position as Senior Undersecretary hadn't granted her access to, but what she did know was both she and Harry had spoken on his behalf. Hermione hadn't made it more than a few minutes into her interview before berating the panel for even hinting at the possibility of charges. Draco's expression remained devoid of emotion, but Hermione knew he'd been entertained by her defence, especially when she'd boldly stated that had Harry delivered the Killing Curse, there would be no investigation. They'd stuttered and stumbled over their reasons, and to Draco's eternal amusement, Hermione had made them pay for every word uttered out of place. They'd all looked properly shamed. She'd been just as happy as the panel to be excused. But now they were waiting. "My job as Minister is to lead and empower, to facilitate and guide, to pursue and encourage progress." "Verdict came back." Hermione froze. "And?" "My use of the curse was deemed justified." Relief made her lean against him. "Then I immediately tendered my resignation to the DMLE and notified them of my intent to accept a seat on the Wizengamot." "I am preparing us not for the predictability of the past, but for the realities of today and the unknown that is tomorrow." "How are you feeling?" "IÑ" Draco released a fraction more of the tension he held in a heavy exhale. "Free." She believed him. "I am not a perfect man, but I am determined to lead this imperfect institution into a better future, and this future will not be a continuation of our past. The Ministry isÑjust as we all areÑcapable of change. It is up to all of us to be the change we seek." They each placed a hand on Scorpius' shoulder and looked at each other. Everything wasn't perfect. There were more battles to fight, more victories and losses they would face together, but today's success was enough for now. They had time to breathe and experience a happiness that wasn't fleeting. Together. As a family. The future was finally here. It was now. The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy. Martin Luther King Jr. Chapter End Notes Well, here we are at the end of the story, but we still have an epilogue to go. Lastly, a MASSIVE THANK YOU to my sensitivity reader Sri1997 for helping me with the Bladma wedding scenes. While I spent months (maybe a year and a half off and on) doing extensive research, Sri was a big help when it came to organizing my thoughts, making sure I had the right beats and feels and terminology. I based their ceremony somewhat loosely on traditional Marathi ceremonies and added a magical flair. And once again, thanks to Marion, for helping me with French. Thank you both for keeping secrets despite wanting to scream. I appreciate you both. And Jaxx with her gorgeous self. I can't forget you. Embedded art by Jaxx-in-a-box [ Instagram / Tumblr / Ao3 ] Chapter 42: UnderThe SameSky Chapter Notes See the end of the chapter for notes Forty Two Under The Same Sky August 27, 2017 Dawn rose like a crescendo. Reds, oranges, pinks, and purples all built slowly, blending into a ballad diluted amongst the expansive sky. Hermione ambled through the pasture, each step taking her away from the tent where her friends slept after a late night of laughter, music, drinks, and more takeaway than they could eat. The only sounds drifting across the mist-laden pasture were distant: birds chirping, chickens clucking, and the odd quack of a duck. A damp breeze made all the flowering bushes lining the fence dance, including the new white daylilies. She had only one destination in mind. Home. The sun peeked above the treeline to greet the fading moon as it crept into the shadows of the sleeping world. When Hermione reached the gate to the garden, intent on stopping by the greenhouse to check on the olives that were showing signs of ripening, a curious sight caught her attention. Floating next to the swing held up by magic were her favourite teacup and saucer. A wispy curlicue of steam rose from the cup. Hermione approached, and a growing smile lit her face. It seized her soul. She knew what blend Draco had chosen before she took her first sip: red raspberry and nettle tea with a bit of honey. Her preference as of late. Settled on the swing, she enjoyed the view of nature preparing itself for one last burst of colour. The brisk undercurrent in the air warned of the autumnal ritual that signalled the impending change of seasons. It reminded her of sitting out here with Narcissa. They'd spent a fair amount of time together in the garden untilÑ As always, it caught Hermione unaware. Grief never arrived or left on a particular schedule, she'd always known that, but even three years wasn't long enough for its ebb and flow to grow predictable. Still, there was no more sense in questioning when or why the waves would arrive than there would be in questioning the ocean's tides. She simply closed her eyes, allowing the feelings to flow through her. Much like water, grief came in many forms. Some days it felt like an aching emptiness, but not today. Between the waning moon and the rising sun, today grief was a gentle wave that let her breathe and honour Narcissa's memory. She was grateful for both the good and challenging times they shared right here. Flashes of memories warmed Hermione from the inside out as she sipped her tea. Roses and gardening gloves and planting pansies and forget-me-nots. Absurd to think anyone could forget Narcissa. It made her smile. Even laugh. Dahlia and Cho wandered out of the tent first, arm-in-arm, with matching grins, and Susan followed at a more leisurely pace. Cho was off for brunch with a group of her Muggle professor friends, Susan was set to spend her first day off in two weeks with Ron and their daughter, and Dahlia was going home to Greg to do the same before he left for the Apothecary. "Be careful." Cho couldn't keep a straight face. "Padma's cooking in the tent." They all left after delivering the warning. Well, it wasn't on fire. That was promising. Somewhat. Hermione finished her tea before Daphne emerged and joined her on the swing. She had a plate of what looked like spinach quiche. "Breakfast." Daphne began forking the leafy lump. "It looks right, but I'm not sure if it's edible?" "You're about to find out." Hermione's snicker earned her the same scowl she often gave Draco. Daphne pouted. "You're not going to try it with me?" "I'm having breakfast with Scorpius before we go to Diagon Alley as soon as heÑ" "Oh shite." Daphne unceremoniously shoved a forkful in her mouth while Hermione looked at Padma approaching. "Tastes like mushy egg custard." Pansy took the tent down with a few waves of her wand. When Daphne took a second bite, Hermione grimaced. "Don't look at me like that. I know what she's going through. I'd rather avoid a repeat of last night's hormonal breakdown about how she's already failed as a mum because she can't cook." Fair. The closer Padma got to them, the more excited she looked to see that Daphne had at least given her cooking attempt a try. One of Padma's arms cradled her small bump as she squeezed between them. When Pansy wandered over, they made space again. It was a tight fit, but they managed. The silence was short, broken when Daphne dared to take a third bite. Padma's hope was palpable. "Is it good?" "Not bad." It was the same tone she employed with her two children: gentle if a little cautious. It tended to come in handy particularly well when Lucas, her four-year-old, offered her a mud pie as big as his grin after spending time in Hermione's garden. "It hasÉ texture." Padma narrowed her eyes. "Pansy said it looked toxic." "I don't have children, so I don't have to pretend to like anything. I'm as shite of a liar as Padma is a cook." Pansy shrugged. "But who am I to judge anyway? I don't cook either. That's why I have Percy and you have Blaise. At least they both know how to order in. Added benefits include no dishes or expectations." "OiÑ" For a flash, Padma was ready to argue, but she paused, finger in mid-air. "Actually, that's valid. No matter how much my mother tries, I'm no cook. Texture's not quite a compliment, but thanks, Daph. I am, however, the leading Werewolf Healing Specialist in the country. Honestly, by demand, I'm the rarity. Chefs are practically pedestrian by comparison. There's one at every restaurant andÑ" "That's the spirit." Pansy's eyes sparkled. "Looks like someone's back." Ginny emerged from the house in workout clothes. She had been called home early the night before to tend to Lily's sick cat. Reluctantly, Harry had followed. "Is everyone back?" Hermione asked. "Yes." Nearly tipping the swing, Ginny fell across Pansy's lap. It earned her a dirty look she ignored. "Harry took Lily to Judo, and Dean's swimming with your two plus Al and James, which left me time to come back and kidnap Daphne and Pansy for a morning run." "Too hungover to run," they said in unison. "I know for a fact you both took hangover potions. No excuses. I'd drag Hermione, too, at least for walking, but Malfoy told me you're having breakfast then going for Scorpius' wand appointment in Diagon Alley." Hermione nodded. They'd been talking about this day for monthsÑyears, evenÑbut she was still trying to wrap her heart and mind around the truth that Scorpius was leaving. Time passed in a trickle, then a stream. A series of small moments in the pasture, hands held, stars counted, pies baked, and potions brewed. Chickens raised marked the years, and the rock wall on the side of the house grew along with Scorpius. There were no dramatic swells, just peaceful moments in the valleys between; it was the cycle of life. Highs and lows. Joys and pains. Life and death. A captivating canvas of memories. Every moment had brought them here in what felt like an instantÑHogwarts shopping with Scorpius. It wasÉ surreal. Hermione's breath caught. Chest tight, she looked over at Daphne. A knowing sadness passed between them. If only they could see him today, too. Daphne's smile curved into something wistful and proud. "How's he feeling? He was worried one won't choose him." Daphne dragged Pansy up with her as she stood, undeterred by Pansy's groan. "He'sÉ" Hermione smiled softly, thinking back to the conversation with him. "But what if there isn't one made for me?" "Just as there is someone for everyone, there is a wand for each wizard." Hermione pushed the fringe off Scorpius' forehead. "We'll all be there with you." "He's quiet. Every step towards September first has made him both excited and nervous." While Scorpius had changed in many ways, time preserved a fair few traits, too. He was still an intuitive, kind, and quiet child who preferred to talk with his hands and had moments of surly stubbornness that tested even Draco's patience. They could now spot incoming spikes of anxiety hours before they peaked. He didn't shuffle anymore, instead slowing and holding on a little tighter, or breathing a little deeper whenever he felt overwhelmed. And for the last two weeks, Scorpius had started to do that with increasing frequency. Only the promise of Albus and the others had convinced him to go over to Daphne's last night. Hermione started to say more, but it dissolved into a smile when the glass door opened. A looked enormous between Scorpius and his ever-present shadow. Leo. The little brother Scorpius had drawn into existence. A perfect blend of both Hermione and Draco, Leo's blonde hair was curly, but his eyes were identical to Hermione's father's: hazel, and the little boy had her softer features. With Draco's propensity for dramatics and Hermione's anxiety-inducing tendency to charge headfirst into everything, even troubleÑespecially troubleÑlife was never dull with Leo around. A long-suffering but proud Draco stood beside her as she healed everything from Scorpius' cuts and bruises from climbing to Leo's broken finger after falling off his broom the first time. Draco was there for everything, in every way, and he never once wavered. "I'm still confused about how Draco's children are nothing like him. Scorpius is kind and good and Leo isÉ" Padma tilted her head at the sight of Leo jumping up and down, eager to be let out. Scorpius put a steadying arm on his little brother's shoulder to calm him down. "Leo is just Leo. I'm surprised Draco hasn't put him in a bubble yet." "Only because I won't let him." Hermione shook her head. "Also, I wouldn't say they're not like him. Especially Scorpius, but Leo is just as direct as Draco." Much to their embarrassment and amusement. "I'll confess, it's funny watching him get a taste of his own quirks." And heart-warming watching him in moments of pride. Scorpius was Draco's redemption, but Leo was his salvation. Living, breathing proof that he was, indeed, a better man. When Scorpius finally opened the door, a dog and a boy shot out like light beams, heading in different directions. He followed them at a leisurely pace that was very much Draco, but got distracted by the small plot of rehab plants that had been moved outdoors. Always just shorter than Albus, last summer he'd grown past his best friend. Now he was a head taller and stood at Hermione's chin. They'd be face to face soon, and she didn't know how that made her feel. But she didn't let herself focus on that, welcoming the energy only a four-year-old could provide. "Mummy! I'm free!" Leo opened his arm proudly. "Miss Susan said I can take it off." It was the sling he'd been in all week after dislocating his shoulder when he fell out of the olive tree Lucas dared him to climb. It wasn't his first fall, and considering his affinity for climbing and heights, much like his brother and father, it wouldn't be his last. "That's good, love." Hermione got off the swing and drew him in for a hug. "And what are you going to do next time?" "Not fall." Leo was extremely proud of his answer. Every adult nearly choked to hold back their laughter. Daphne coughed right around the time Scorpius made it to the group. He signed his concern, which she responded to with fluid ease that came after years of signing, assuring her nephew she was fine before handing her plate to Pansy and accepting his hug. If they held on a little longer, Hermione knew why. She touched his face, whispered something only they could hear, and Scorpius touched the ends of her hair. A fraction of the tension he carried seemed to settle. Fade. With Astoria on their minds and hearts, the sadness didn't last. He came to Hermione's side, leaning against her, and she wrapped an arm around him, pressing a kiss to his temple. "Hi, love. Did Harry drop you both off?" Scorpius nodded with a little smile. "Did you have fun?" Yes. Leo peered at the quiche on the swing next to Padma. "Is it alive?" Out of everyone, Padma laughed the hardest. "It might be." Padma pinched Leo's flushed cheek then glanced at her watch. "I have a Floo call with Parvati who is already planning my Dohale Jevan." Daphne made a face. "She's planning your baby shower from Bucharest?" Parvati had been living with Charlie and running a local wizarding paper for the last two years after a string of acclaimed work catapulted her into stardom. Draco kept a copy of the article she'd written after Narcissa died three years ago in his top drawer. Hermione knew the days he pulled it out to read were the days he missed her most. "Yes, but it'll be in December. They're staying until the baby's born." "Maybe Molly will use the long visit to convince them to add to the Weasley hoard since you and PercyÑ" "Refuse to, thankyoverymuch." Pansy ruffled Leo's hair. He didn't hate it nearly as much as Scorpius, who had already stepped back pre-emptively. "Besides, you lot have the parenting thing all covered. Luna and I will be the fun aunts." Hermione reflexively patted down the back of his hair. "Can I feed the chickens, Mummy?" Leo stuck his lower lip out and widened his eyes. "You can, but don't chase Thirteen and Fourteen. Oh, and don't play in the duck pond." He was notorious for it. They'd added it to the coop after Draco and Scorpius found a duckling caught in twigs in the stream. "Yay!" The little boy cheered. "I won't. I promise!" He most definitely would. Without being asked, Scorpius went with him. He was always so protective of the brother who looked up to him as if he'd arranged the very stars in the sky. When they were far enough down the cobblestone path, Scorpius said something that made Leo laugh, and soon they were entering the coop together. A familiar warning whistle rang out from the doorway, and despite nearing the trees, A started running back in blurry waves of fur. Draco. In black joggers and short sleeves, he looked like he'd just woken up. Hermione let her eyes linger on the flashes of red and orange in the dragon's brilliant scales that piqued her curiosity so long ago. Now openly displayed, that part had changed over the years as he filled in the blank spaces with new meaning. Right now, Draco looked as tired as she felt. The reason for their lack of sleep in the last six weeks was cradled in his arm. Rose. Named for the flowers her grandmother loved most. Judging from one moving mitten and the large steadying hand on her back, she was awake and the only one ready for the day out in a pale blue romper. The matching headband dangling from Draco's wrist meant Hermione would have to attempt to put it on. Draco apparently hadn't been able to. Once everyone awed over the baby, they said their goodbyes. A finally made his way over to them, with his tongue out and tail wagging, and waited patiently for Draco's attention, which he got with a scratch behind the ears and short command to go watch the boys. They trusted him in the coop; the dog hadn't once eaten a chicken. He was as good with them as he was with anything smaller than himselfÑwhich was a long list. Hermione lifted on the tips of her toes to press a greeting kiss to Draco's lips before laying a hand on her daughter's back to do the same. "How was your night?" Last night was his first alone with Rose and Hermione's first away from them both since the birth. "Good." Hermione's voice made Rose's grey eyes open, and after slipping the headband off Draco's wrist and onto her daughter's head, she smiled. "It's been a while since we were all able to get together like this." Life was busy before Rose, but now the word had taken on an entirely new definition. "How was she?" "She slept all night except for feedings and changings." Draco was good about her schedule Ñabout most things, really. And she never had to check behind him or worry. He was her partner. Husband. She'd been right. It was the name Hermione liked best of all. Surrounded by flowers and Apothecary Roses in full bloom, they'd been married in the greenhouse rose garden at dawn on the Summer Solstice five years before. Both dressed in ivory, their smiles never faded while Kingsley bound them together for life with warm gold cords of magic. Witnessed by her parents, Narcissa, Andromeda, Scorpius, and the puppy, it was a peaceful day full of love. A day to remember. Of course, nothing was ever quite that simple with their friends. Narcissa and Pansy threw a reception disguised as Narcissa's society farewell partyÑa solstice party with more guests than they could name; music and food and activities were plentiful. Last Light was spent at the Stonehenge replica, leaning back on Draco's chest. The people they were the year before felt a lifetime away. When the fireworks started, Draco took her hand and they left with a pop. The party was all anyone could talk about for weeks. It made for the perfect distraction as none of their guestsÑsave their friends and familyÑfound out they'd actually attended their wedding reception until Hermione's official name change went public during their honeymoon. Magic was efficient to a fault. Hermione Granger became Hermione Malfoy on every correspondence and publication, every paper and form. Even her office door. News spread like wildfire. The media erupted with theories about the length of their relationship. Speculation was rampant, and even amongst their closest friends, there were questions about why she'd changed her last nameÑespecially after being so adamantly against it. While Hermione's personal opinion hadn't changed, and Draco didn't care one way or another, Scorpius had been her deciding factor. He was and always would be a Malfoy. And they were a family. She refused to create any division with hyphenated names where none needed to exist. "We should get everyone ready," Draco said when Rose began to doze to the rhythm of his heartbeat. "Your parents are meeting us in Diagon Alley in an hour." Hermione grimaced at the thought of keeping her mother waiting. Not that she would say anything to their faces, but the irritation would be felt. The thawing hadn't happened until Narcissa took a turn she never recovered from. She'd passed when Leo wasn't much older than Rose. Draco's grief hadn't changed Hermione's mind about the level of civility with her own mother, but her mother's perspective began to shift. Maybe it had to do with the little space she had in Hermione's life and thriving family, maybe it was witnessing her dad's bond with Scorpius intensify, or maybe it was because of her mother's own changing heart. Hermione could never be certain, but whatever it was, her mother began to reach out more. To try. Hermione agreed to weekly dinners, but only expended as much energy as her mother gave. Even now, they were civil enough to maintain a status quo, but neither of them challenged it. Her mother adored Leo and Rose, and grew to understand her bond with Draco. But like Scorpius, who she also tried to foster a connection with, Draco remained cordial yet distant. But today wasn't about any of their issues. Today was about Scorpius. He never asked for much, but he had asked if Hermione's dad could be there for the appointment to get his wand. When her mother had asked if she could come, too, he hadn't said no. Still, he hadn't saidÑ Fingers curled under her chin as Draco tilted her head up. The cool brush of his wedding ring against her throat made her thoughts still before his lips covered hers. "I love you." Draco's quiet affection was bold in the face of the rising sun. "Stop thinking so hard and go get dressed." Rose des Vents The Apothecary. A place Draco spent as much time in as he did their brewing room. No longer a burnt out husk of ruins and destruction, light poured in from large windows where darkness once lived. Instead of the stench of soot, there was a woodsy scent Greg liked. Instead of scorch and drag marks and glass shards, the walls were painted an inviting colour and the floors had been refinished. No sign of the past could be found on any surface. The busy Apothecary was the definition of a dream come true. "Hold the railing." It was a gentle reminder to Leo as they followed Hermione down the polished iron stairs from Draco's office Floo to the store's floor. "I will, Mummy." Scorpius still took his brother's hand anyway, helping him walk slower than he would have taken the steps on his own. When they reached the bottom, Draco remained at the top of the stairs for a moment's pause. Hands behind his back, he looked around at the customers milling about, at Greg manning the till, and then at the staff as they helped those who needed it. She could tell he loved what he'd built, and the sales proved others did, too. Watching Draco in the little moments he allowed himself to take pride in his accomplishments was an experience all its own. He was having one now. Only when Leo and Scorpius joined Greg at the till did he move. Rose nestled against her chest, asleep inside her baby sling, and by the time Draco met her at the bottom of the stairs, Hermione gave him a knowing look. "What?" "You're proud." She fixed his black tie, smoothing it down and plucking off a few stray dog hairs. He must have carried A at some point after changing clothes. All the while, Draco watched her with quiet intensity. "What? You shouldn't hide it." He tilted his head. "You call me arrogant at least three times a week." "Because you are." Hermione rolled her eyes. "But there's a difference between being proud of yourself for something you've accomplished through hard work and being an arrogant tosser when you beat Ron in wizard's chess." "I could argue it's a matter of perspective, but if I start now we'll be late for the appointment." "Schedule it then." Draco's smile turned coy. "I will." Diagon Alley was crowded. To avoid the publicity a family outing brought, they'd scheduled their appointment early. Apparently, they hadn't scheduled it early enough. The streets were already thronged with families preparing for the upcoming school year. Hermione had taken Scorpius two weeks before for robe fittings and book shopping, Draco went with him last week to pick out a new broom, and today they would complete his list. He needed a wand and an owlÑtwenty chickens, a rescued duck (who thought it was a chicken), three rabbits Scorpius found abandoned as babies during a walk through the woods last fall, and a hundred pound dog named after his best friend weren't on the list of approved Hogwarts pets. A bubble of space formed around them as they moved down the sidewalk towards Ollivanders. Hermione was used to the attention, but both Scorpius and Leo shied awayÑthe former kept close to her while the latter was in Draco's arms, with his face tucked into his father's neck and his thumb in his mouth. Draco and Hermione were joined by their free hands, and though Draco spent more time in Diagon Alley, he was uncomfortable when people stared. And every one did. A lot. All the time. Outings alone and trips with the children. Ministry galas and society events. When they were together, people watched like they couldn't get enough of them. As if the concept alone was fascinating. "How can I help?" Hermione murmured to Scorpius. "I'm fine." Still, he held her hand tighter. It wasn't until he spotted her parents outside Ollivanders that he relaxed enough to let her hand go. Scorpius hugged her dad like they didn't see each other weekly. Her mother approached, ruffling Leo's blond curls. "Darling boy." Leo held Draco tighter. "Still shy in public, I see." Her mother tsked. "We'll have to work onÑ" "Apologies for the wait." Draco ignored her, but Hermione knew he was irritated out of protectiveness. He never liked when anyoneÑwhether they meant it maliciously or notÑ tried to shame either of their children. Hermione didn't either and was never one to hold her tongue, especially when she tried to pinch his cheek, which only irritated him more. "Mum. Leo is warming up. He'll be fine when he's ready, isn't that right, love?" "Yes, Mummy," he murmured around his thumb, lifting his head. "I mean no harm." The apology was surprising. Draco whispered something in his son's ear before smoothing his brows, something Scorpius had done to him many times. It made Leo smile and relax. "Besides, we haven't been waiting long." Following the statement, she and her mother stared at each other for a moment that was constant each time they were in the same room. A moment when they silently made the decision if they would hug or not. Today they didn't. Instead, her mother placed an awkward kiss on her cheek. "You're looking rested." "I am." She wasn't, but the effort was appreciated. And then she moved to coo at the sleeping baby nestled against her chest inside the colourful sling. "You must cover her head with the hats I bought you, Hermione." "She has too much hair to fit in a hat and gets fussy when her head is covered. She's fine." Hermione sidestepped her mum to hug her dad. He clapped Draco on the back and teased Leo, then doted over his sleeping granddaughter. "Rose looks more and more like you every day." "You're saying that to make me feel better." Hermione laughed. Pregnancy and hours of labour had produced two children who weren't nearly as pale as Draco, but still looked very much like him. Hardly anyone noticed the subtle hints of her due to the striking, signature Malfoy features they'd each inherited. Leo had his father's hair. Rose had Draco's piercing eyes. A slightly amused Draco caught her glare and opened the door to Ollivanders for everyone, but he kept a steadying hand on Scorpius, who looked around in wonder at all the boxes of wands. They walked the shelves while the wandmaker picked a few that he thought might work. By the time they got started, Scorpius was eyeing a box that was placed away from the others. "Oh, those wands over there just arrived for the magical history museum opening. Donated from the museum in France. They're perfectly safe to hold, but purely decoration, as the likelihood of them finding a master is slim toÑ" Scorpius picked it up and the box began to shake. Beams of light poured from the cracks, startling the wandmaker. Scorpius uncovered the box and the wand gave off a light bright enough for Leo to vocalise his awe. "Wow!" When it dimmed, the old wandmaker put on his glasses. "Ah, looks like this wand has chosen its new master." He accepted the box Scorpius almost dropped in surprise. "Let's have a look, shall we." The old man plucked it from the box and handed the wand to its new master. Scorpius closed his eyes the moment it was in his hand. Peace settled where turbulence once was. She and Draco exchanged relieved smiles. "Eleven and a half inches. Somewhat springy. Alder. Thestral hair." The last bit made both father and son's eyes widen. Scorpius knew what Thestrals were, having seen one in person two summers ago when they visited Ireland. He'd been at his grandmother's side during her final moments. They all had. "It's almost unheard of for a wand core." The wandmaker looked up from his inspection. "It chose him, if that's your concern, Mr Malfoy." "Mum." Scorpius looked at her in worry. "What ifÑ" "There really is nothing to worry about." The wandmaker smiled gently. "The wand chooses the wizard. And this one chose you. The core is rare. Very. I know less than ten in existence and four of them are here in my shop." Hermione knew of one, the Elder wand, and now this one. The wandmaker closed the empty box. "I will say that I do know both the wandmaker and its master have to be able to see Thestrals in order to utilise their hair, which means they had to witness death." Scorpius had seen death. Support from them and therapy had taught him that death was a part of life and he fully accepted the concept. That he'd been able to see the Thestrals at all was proof of his understanding. He just needed a reminder. "Remember what we learned? Thestrals might look scary, but just because you can see them doesn't mean they're bad luck," Hermione said. "They're friendly, gentle, and intelligent. They're loyal and brave. And helpful." "Like you," Hermione's dad added. Scorpius looked over her shoulder, eyes wide and earnest. "I do believe this wand chose well," the wandmaker insisted. "It knew you were worthy even before you held it. Now that's rare." On the walk to the Magical Menagerie, Hermione could hear the wheels in Draco's head turning as he began the slow slide into worry. In a role reversal, she stopped him by slipping her hand in his. "I know it's ironic coming from me, but don't overthink this." "Let me guessÉ" Draco's eyes slid to hers when they reached the door of the shop. "When we get home, you're going toÑ" "Research everything I know about wandlore, absolutely." She broke out in a smile then a soft laugh before resting a hand on Rose as she began to stir. "I'll make some Floo calls and Ñ" "I was wondering what you'd done with my wife." "I'm not worried about the wand or what it means. I think the wandmaker was right. Scorpius hasn't had a conventional start, why would he have a conventional wand? But it'll ease everyone's nerves with more understanding. That's always been our way." Something else that had always been their way? A love of lost causes. And while they did finally break down and buy an owl, Scorpius had also taken notice of a too small for its age half-Kneazle with bad vision. They couldn't leave it behind. When Draco tried to talk him out of taking the cat to Hogwarts, Hermione kneeled between her sons and stroked the fur of the cat purring against Scorpius' chest. She peered up at Draco, and could see the signs of defeat. "He's cute." Her mother didn't sound sincere. "The name isÑ" "Hugo," Scorpius said automatically. The half-Kneazle purred in approval. "Like the writer and painter." Her dad smiled. "It's a good, strong name. Intelligent." "Let me guess: one of everything cat related?" When Scorpius grinned, Draco heaved the sigh of a man who had lost many battles that led to their array of pets and livestock, but also one of a man who would do anything to make his family happy. He left to find someone to pay, and Hermione took the opportunity to tell them about Crookshanks. "Did you know Kneazles are excellent judges of character?" The two shook their heads, hanging off her every word. "My first cat was a half-Kneazle who tried to eat a bad man disguised as a rat while I was at Hogwarts." Leo gasped. "So, he'll protect Scorp?" "He will." August 28, 2017 Draco took the boys swimming on Saturday mornings, but each night he swam alone. Guided by the light of the moon, Hermione walked the glassed-in path connecting the pool to the conservatory. Draco was floating on his back in the centre of the water, his eyes fixed on the star-filled sky. Through the glass ceiling, it looked like the galaxies multiplied, reflected endlessly between the ripples in the water and the panes of glass overhead. He was the picture of relaxation in a place that provided peace. A place they'd designed, built, and made memoriesÑtogether. Breaking ground had been the wedding gift Draco hadn't expected. Standing on the edge in a swimsuit a bit too snug for her liking, Hermione dipped her foot in the water. It was warm. Just for her. He'd been waiting. She didn't hesitate before joining him. It took some time to reacquaint herself with swimming, but after a bit Hermione drifted over to the man who'd been waiting patiently. They floated together under the stars, and the lights around the pool dimmed with Draco's whispered spell. Alone time like this didn't come without effort and planning. "Kids?" Hermione murmured. "Everyone's sleeping. I took the boys climbing." Even with the additional holds, Scorpius had long since outgrown the starter wall on the side of the house, but Leo wasn't far from conquering it. Draco took him for classes and had developed an affinity for the hobby as well. "Then I flew with Leo." "To wear him down?" "Mmhm, he's too young to climb at the centre so I took him flying while Scorpius slept. It worked. He fell asleep during storytime. Rose, too. She's fed, changed, and tucked in the bassinet. We have time." Draco kissed her wet shoulder. "Pets are taken care of. The boys fed the duck and chickens. Charms are set. Stop going through your mental checklist, I took care of everything." His competence was still so attractive. "IÑSorry, I thought I'd be around to help." Guilt rose, but Draco's wandering hands tempered it. "My meeting with the University lasted longer than it was scheduled." They met quarterly to go over the budget, plans, and progress of the Manor Sanctuary. Draco had signed over the land, but the donation came with a seat on the board, a seat which Hermione filled. It was inspiring watching Draco's hope for the land come true, bit by bit. Neville was even present today, which was a nice surprise. He had played an active role in the propagation process until last summer when Madam Sprout had retired and McGonagall tapped him to fill the position. He and Luna had moved into a house not far from Hogsmeade. Luna still travelled for work, and brought back all sorts of creatures for the students to see as an added bonus. Unsurprisingly, the popularity of Care of Magical Creatures had exploded. Hermione wouldn't be surprised if Luna eventually accepted a position at the school as well. But Hogwarts couldn't house many creatures, and the Forbidden Forest was only a sanctuary to certain species. Once Luna realised how extensive the lands around the Manor were, she mentioned plants weren't the only things that might need a new home. Not for the first time, Hermione thought Luna might be onto something. A centaur herd showed up first, then goblins, next other beasts and spirits. Magic breathed life into the expansive lands, making it much more than what it was intended. Padma's wolves learned the earth that calmed them before each full moon and how to care for plants; they volunteered in droves and were integral to the project's success. Padma had even moved her therapy sessions out there after seeing a significant change in the wolves who were naturally more settled in that environment. With the land returned to nature, and used to propagate and enrich, a sense of harmony permeated the grounds. There was balance and order in the lack of intervention. "How did it go?" Draco drew her from her thoughts. "Anything pressing?" "No, it was productive." The talk had led to a favourable vote to begin accepting volunteers outside of students and wolves. Social centaurs and anyone else who cared for the land, regardless of designation, would be welcome to help tend to the groundsÑwith one exception. One specific part of the Manor Sanctuary was under Hermione's personal purview. The formerly overgrown rose garden had been cleaned up and dedicated to Narcissa Malfoy. The family matriarch had chosen to be buried there. Close to her home and the man she loved. Draco brushed a kiss against her temple. "Good." "And your evening? Aside from kid-wrangling." "No meetings, per se, but Percy wanted some advice." "Oh?" "He needed my opinion on a gift for Pansy." Draco shifted his hands on her. "He's convinced her to hire people and expand her business. I told him he could take professional pictures of our house for her portfolio." The kitchen. The add-on library. The second floor of the conservatory. The nursery with its pale yellow walls. The pool. Their bathroom. The add-on closet. All designed by her. "I scheduled it for Thursday." Grey eyes wandered to her lips then back as she traced the flames on his shoulder. "Don't worry about getting the house together, Andromeda will handle it while she's watching the kids." The house would literally shine. Hermione winced, but she wouldn't turn down the help. Between Andromeda, Molly, and Catherine, she'd been afforded plenty of breaks after Rose's birth. Admittedly, they were needed. She recovered from Leo's birth within a few weeks, but this time, things were slower. Different. She was only just getting comfortable in her skin again. With her leave already extended once, Hermione quietly considered making it longer. Less out of need and more driven by the selfish urge to spend as much time with her family as possible. "She doesn't have to, IÑ" "You are going to take yourself on a date." Draco nipped her lip. "Then you're going on one with me." He wouldn't tell her where, only that they weren't coming back the same night. It could mean anything from spending the night at Draco's favourite spot or a Portkey to another city. She'd experienced both, and anticipation for a night alone with her husband reminded her of something else. "Just so you knowÉ" Hermione wrapped her legs around his hips. "I was cleared at my appointment." "Oh?" "Mhm, so whatever you're planning, I'mÑI know you're ready." And he had been patiently waiting since sex became too uncomfortable. "Aren't you?" She certainly hoped so. "I am, but I'm also a patient man." Hers. Draco kissed her short and sweet, lips moving as he slipped the straps of her swimsuit off her shoulders. One after the other. He carried her out of the water with care, gentle with each move around her tender breasts. Drying them both off with a charm took more effort, but before Hermione knew it, she was lying on her back naked on a pallet of blankets by the pool while her husband worshipped every inch of her. Every new and old scar. A duty. Every stretch mark. A decision. Every part of her he loved. A choice. The worries in Hermione's mind fell silent. Draco settled on his knees at her feet, angling her legs open and kissing his way down to her ankles then back up. He never took his eyes off of her. "I thought we'd ease back into it." "Oh?" He summoned oil that smelled like lavender, and rolled her onto her stomach. Firm hands spread wide over her aching muscles, kneading away every bit of stress and focusing on each pressure point. Like he did with everything, Draco took his time. Deep, intoxicating murmurs of affection sank into her skin, sealed with kisses and warm palms between each pass. The nip of grazing teeth on her arse cheek made her groan and squirm and gasp his name. But he kept her still. "Feel good?" "Yes." Draco hummed. "More?" "Always." Hermione was boneless and pliant when he finally rolled her back over and started massaging her feet and legs. Her thighs fell open in invitation as he worked his way up. When she felt his lips on her inner thigh for the first time, Hermione smiled. A finger teased the folds of her cunt, then his tongue, and she arched into his touch. She bit her lip. "What's on your agenda for tonight?" "You." August 29, 2017 Charles wasn't surprised to see her in his doorway, but Theo was. "I believe you've extended your maternity leave until December." "I have, but that doesn't stop me from visiting with tea to help you both over the afternoon slump. It's from the greenhouse. Scorpius helped blend it." She held up the tin thermal to two men who regarded her with varying degrees of disbelief. Hermione came clean, but not until after Charles pulled teacups from his drawer and served them. Hermione passed. "I wanted a status report but no one would give me one. Imagine my surprise when I found out it was because you two and Roger told them not to." "And there it is." Theo smirked. "DracoÑ" "Is at the Apothecary, so I have at least thirty minutes. How did the extrapolation go?" "Well enough." Theo was cryptic as always. They were still narrowing down which components in Narcissa's potion effectively slowed the disease. So far, no one ingredient was conclusive. It seemed more likely due to the combination of several, and how they were blended. "Production is going well, too. Quickly. We're almost at the point where we've transitioned everyone over." The product of their combined dedication had inspired hope in many. Even added years to their lives. And it had all started with one. Sitting here, it was impossible not to think of Narcissa. Narcissa, who hadn't backed down, who had faced her disease as boldly as she had tackled her regrets. Eventually a shadow of herself, Narcissa became a stranger in Andromeda's home outside of the rare lucid moments. Charles knew, just as Hermione did, what their dwindling nature meant. She remembered the last one like it was yesterday. Narcissa's eyes were as clear as a cloudless summer sky, and they prepped Scorpius quickly, but there was no need. Peeling the tangerines to keep his hands busy, they snacked on fruit as he talked to her using the voice Narcissa treated like the greatest gift. Draco did the same until her wistful sigh turned into a smile as she looked out at something none of them could see. He kissed his mother's forehead like he knew it would be the last. And it was. "Here." Theo handed her a tissue. "Sorry." Hermione dabbed her eyes; she hadn't noticed the tears running down her cheeks. "I'd blame hormones, but I justÑ" "Miss her." Theo nodded. Their understanding stemmed from endless talks and silences; he'd witnessed, first-hand, her determination and steadfastness during each success and failure. In the weeks following Narcissa's death, Hermione had been so focused on making sure Draco and Scorpius were okay that she hadn't noticed the intensity of her own grief until it blindsided her. Draco had held her until she broke, then put her back together again. Just as she had done for him. It was impossible to explain her love for him, but she felt its overwhelming presence then just as she did now. It just was. "I think Narcissa would be proud of what we've accomplished." Charles looked at her. "The people we've helped, andÑI've never seen progress like this in my years in this field. Not just with dementia, but with other neurological diseases. You want to do more, you want a cure, but you are already moving mountains, Hermione. At this rate, in twenty years we'll be able to test for the predisposition. We'll be able to reach people before they show signs of degeneration. Treat them. IÑ" "Couldn't have done this without youÑall of you." Hermione looked at her hands in her lap. "I couldn't have done any of this alone." Without regaining her drive and purpose, her love of learning and determination, none of this would have been possible. Not to mention her desire to experiment. In some ways, Draco hadn't been the only one who stepped out of the shadows. Hermione had, too. And she would keep working, keep driving forward until she'd done all she could. "We aren't finished." "No, we're not." Theo checked his watch. "But the cure won't be found today or tomorrow, and you're on maternity leave." "So I am." Hermione tapped her chin. "If we agree on status reports via regular Floo calls, I won't turn up. I do trust you all in my absence, but this has always been about more than just research." It was personal. "We know." Charles rose to his feet. "And you know my Floo is always open, but today you should enjoy time with your family before Scorpius leaves for the school year." "I will." Theo made the slow walk with Hermione to her office. "I got an interesting call last night." Hermione perked. "Oh?" "Scorpius." He'd started reaching out to Theo more since Narcissa passed. For as much as everyone had prepared him, he seemed to take it especially hard. His comfort was found in quiet moments with his godfather. Theo was a stand in opponent for practice in hopes of one day beating his father at wizard's chess. That hadn't happened yet, but it led to Scorpius talking to him more, confiding in him whenever he needed an ear that didn't belong to his parents. Theo couldn't get enough, and had grown to love ScorpiusÑnot as an extension of Astoria but for the boy he was. Nothing more and nothing less. "He wanted to talk about his wand, but he wouldn't tell me why." "His wand core is Thestral hair." "Really?" "Yes. We know it's very rare, but there's a wandmaker in France who crafted the wands in honour of his late father. IÑfor as rare as it is, I think it's a fitting core. But the stigmaÑ" "I think he's more worried about leaving than he is about his wand." Emotions were still tricky and manipulative. Sadness at leaving. Excitement for a new adventure. Fear of the unknown. They all looked different on the outside, but she knew they could masquerade as one another with little effort. "I know he is." She looked down at her feet. "I'd selfishly let him stay, but I know he has to go to learn and become his own person away from us." They made it to her office, and Theo opened the door. "I bought Leo something." There, on her desk, with only a red bow and no other wrapping, was a children's dictionary. It was a newer edition than his brother's but the sentiment remained. "Figured it was time to get him one, too. Scorpius' is probably outdated by now." Hermione grinned. "And everyone says I have no imagination." Scorpius had outgrown his, but he still kept itÑup high and safe, out of his brother's unintentionally destructive reach. It sat alongside the Britannica Theo had bought him for his last birthday and the many books he's acquired over the years that lined his set of shelves in their expanded library. Ever impressionable, she knew Leo wanted his own. She just hadn't realised Theo was paying attention, but it shouldn't have surprised her. "He'll love it." After she picked up the book, Theo cleared his throat before she could turn to her Floo and leave. "If you don't mind, I'd like a recommendation for a tea shop." Theo's request was quiet and a bit too formal. "Something less like Madam Puddifoot's but not a chain either. ChoÑ" "What?" Hermione couldn't hide her surprise. "I thought that was done ages ago." "We did, too." He rubbed the back of his neck. "But here we are again. Now as different people." Who had taken different paths that had led them away from each other. The connection between Cho and Theo hadn't ended, only turned platonic as they both found happiness with others. Theo openly dated Lee Jordan for six months, a Patil cousin he'd met at the wedding for a year, and Oliver Wood after they'd reconnected at Ron and Susan's wedding two years ago. They'd recently broken up amicably. Meanwhile, Cho spent years in a steady, happy relationship with a Muggle Baron. It had run its natural course months ago when the romance fizzled. Not everything was built to last. She wasn't sad, only happy about what she'd learned in the process. What she wanted. What she deserved. And Hermione had watched proudly as they'd both grown along the way. "I hope you're ready for the fight. She's notÑ" "Putting up with anything, I know. I didn't plan to ask, but I justÉ did. I think she surprised herself by agreeing. Neither of us are going in with any expectations. It's just tea." "PansyÑ" "Told me not to fuck it up." The defence was high praise but not a surprise. Pansy and Cho had worked out their differences thanks to Hermione's meddling and Cho's need for a new kitchen layout. She didn't know exactly what happened, but one Friday they'd both turned up at Girls' Night with streaks of paint on their clothes and blinding tension rolling off of them that came to a head when Cho snapped after a rude comment and started yelling. At length. Pansy's response to the flushed and panting witch after she finished airing her grievances was the most surprising of all. A raised brow, a smirk, and a single word: "Good." They were fine after that. "Take her for Boba tea. There's a shop near her University that she likes." Theo frowned at her suggestion and Hermione nudged him. "It's less serious and something she likes and indulges in, plus it'll be a treat after she finishes her lectures. She'll appreciate the gesture." "I'll keep that in mind." In addition to the gift, Hermione arrived home with an armful of patient folders packed with scans for her review, as well as status updates and research reports from her team. She thought she might take a little time to read, but was drawn out of her office by a silent house. Which was uncommon. Hermione walked around slowly, and peeked into the kitchen to find Catherine had cleaning charms clearing what looked like lunch. Rose was in her swing, already asleep. Wispy hairs stuck out in every direction and mitted hands framed either side of her little head. She smiled at the sight. "Hi," Catherine whispered. "Coast is clear. Mr Malfoy isn't back yet." "Good. Where are Scorpius and Leo?" "Outside in the garden." Catherine gave her a look. "I think you're going to get a sad pie request today. Scorpius brought in strawberries from the greenhouse while Leo worked on lessons at the table. We washed them together. He's a little blue." Which was an understatement. They still had leftover sad blueberry pie and sad apple pie. Draco and Scorpius, whose tastes had changed in that regard, were notorious for having dessert after dinner, but Leo, who loved fruit, but didn't like it baked, scrunched his nose at the pies. Picky eating was a Malfoy trait after all. With a shake of her head, Hermione excused herself to find them. A fondness settled into her bones at the sight of the brothers in front of the raised bed closest to the door. Leo was standing, all goggled and gloved, while Scorpius kneeled, pulling weeds. They gardened together every day, without fail, and arguably knew the greenhouse better than her. Scorpius stopped and turned to Leo, who watched him closely. When I go to Hogwarts, you have to help Mum in the garden every morning. "I will." Leo's voice was quiet, if a little sad. His bottom lip quivered. "I don't want you to go." I have to. Scorpius dropped his hands. "I'll miss you." "Daddy says we can write in the notebooks." "We can." Scorpius hugged him close. "Every night." "Yes! And Mummy says you'll learn magic." "I will." The reminder made Scorpius smile. "But that means now it's up to you to take care of Mum and Dad and Rose." "But I'm four!" "You can still brew with Dad and garden with Mum andÉ" Odd. Hermione leaned forward but before she could figure out why it was suddenly silent, hands settled at her waist, pulling her back from the doorway. "A two way silencing charm?" Her gasp would have alerted the boys to her eavesdropping, but Draco was nothing if not thorough. "Clever." "Leave them to it." Draco kissed her collar in greeting. "I asked him to talk to Leo. I figured it would help them both." "IÑthat's a good idea." She watched them pull weeds in the flower bed together, chatting back and forth with growing animation. Leo was chaos incarnate, but he somehow brought a sort of peace to Scorpius, too. Their brotherly bond had been beautiful from the beginning. Where Scorpius went, Leo followed, and he never turned him away, even when Albus griped about his consistent presence. Holding Rose for the first time seemed to kickstart Scorpius' open hesitation about leaving for school, but watching him with Leo now made her realise it had little to do with leaving home, and more to do with missing them. Missing out on anything and everything that defined home. His family. "We'll send pictures for his scrapbook." Hermione worried at her bottom lip. "I think that'll help." "It might." Draco exhaled before pulling her over to the sofa in the conservatory. She sat on his lap and wrapped an arm around his shoulders. "How was that meeting you weren't supposed to take?" "How did youÑnever mind. " Draco chuckled. "I figured you wouldn't sit still for long." "The meeting went well, if you must know. Everything is going as planned. Potions team is still breaking down the components. IÑ" A sharp cry pierced the conversation. "I left a few bottles in theÑ" "I saw. I'll be right back." Draco returned ten minutes later with an armful of Rose. She didn't look particularly happy about the bottle hovering next to her head. "I know, sweetheart." Draco's deep voice tempered her. "Not your favourite way, but we've done this before. Remember what I said last time. It comes from the same place, I promise. Mummy just needs to rest." There had been a noticeable shift in Draco since her birth. He loved Scorpius and Leo fiercely, but there was something different between him and Rose. Something different in him. Softer. And it came out in moments like this, when he smiled at her simply for existing. Or when he talked to her in low tones while she fussed. Hermione could hear him during night feedings telling her stories. He'd done the same with Leo, but back then he'd also confessed secret worries. Now, he spoke only of hopes and wishes. Not just for her, but for them all. Draco's smile faded when they heard the Floo activate. Then it curved down into a frown at Albus' greeting to Catherine, which was loud enough for his namesake, who had been napping in the sun, to lift his head. "Only two more days!" "Shut up." James' comment earned Ginny's admonishment. "James Potter, you're not too old for the get-along shirt." "Mum!" "I remember you being this loud before you left for Hogwarts the first time," Harry said. "Weren't you justÑ" "Dad!" Like always, Albus appeared first, grin fixed on his target, who sighed like every misdeed was returning for its reckoning all at once. A normal greeting for Albus Potter. "Hi, Uncle Draco." At least he had the decency to lower his voice after seeing Rose in Draco's arms, but that didn't stop him from approaching his favourite adult after he waved at the baby. "Hi, Rose." "Albus." Still, for as sour as Draco's expression was, Hermione knew better. "Did youÑ" "I did!" The eleven-year-old proudly pulled out his new wand. Hermione choked back a laugh; she would recognise that wood anywhere. "Hawthorn wood and dragon heartstring core." Even from the doorway, Harry sounded put out. Ginny patted his back. Albus hugged Hermione tightly and she ruffled his already wild hair. "Congratulations." "Where's Scorp? I want to show him my wand." "Outside with LÑ" Albus bolted for the door before she could finish, quickly followed by James who was rolling his eyes. Lily came over in a blur, hugged them both quickly, then ran behind her brothers. Hermione's eyes didn't even have time to adjust to her vibrant pink shirt with dancing black cats before Lily was gone. Hermione turned her attention to Harry and Ginny. "I see you both survived Diagon Alley." "Barely." Harry let out a dramatic sigh. "People were watching." "They always watch." "Doesn't mean I like it or will get used to it." He scratched his beard. "I could use a whisky." "Not a chance, Potter." Draco scowled. "You don't appreciate anything that costs more than a pint of Butterbeer." It was true. The last time the two had nearly come to blows was when Draco offered him his own version of friendship in the form of two fingers of his favourite whisky. Harry took a sip and promptly spit it back into the glass. Hermione could tell her husband was recalling the incident by the way his glare intensified, but then Rose reached the end of the bottle. He ignored Harry's existence in favour of shifting his daughter to his shoulder to burp her. Ginny and Hermione laughed. The rest of the day was leisurely wasted. They went to the treeline treehouse with the children, and sat around while they played. From there, they picked tangerines and mangos in the greenhouse. Lily gorged on blueberries fresh off the bush before anyone could stop her. Scorpius surveyed the greenhouse like he always did until Hermione made him put down the book and hold his sister. They sat under the olive tree while Hermione and Ginny looked on in amusement as their husbands made a competition of apple picking. Albus and James were just as competitive as Scorpius was not, but it was Leo, who was sitting on Draco's shoulders, that won. At twilight, the kids caught fireflies in the pasture. When they all came inside, Scorpius introduced Lily to Hugo, who'd finally come out of hiding. She had two cats of her own, but there was an odd look on her face when she glanced at Scorpius while scratching behind the cat's ears. Draco squinted in suspicion. Hermione didn't think of it again until she emerged from the office where she'd read reports while nursing after everyone left. Scorpius had long since fallen asleep hugging A, his face buried in fur while a nature documentary played on the telly. Hugo was curled behind him. She found Draco in the conservatory, relaxed on the chaise reading a book, with Leo passed out on his chest. "Taking him to bed?" "He'll wake up the moment I move." Draco adjusted his glasses before running an absent hand over their son's curls. He looked over, catching sight of Rose in her arms. "You?" "Not yet. I wanted a little time with Scorpius, but he's asleep." Draco scooted over a bit and she joined him on the chaise, where they sat in peaceful silence under the starry sky. The quiet didn't last long. Leo started snoring in long, deep breaths. Draco laughed as Leo's snores grew louder. "So, LilyÑ" "No." Draco didn't even blink. "You have zero control over that." "They're children." "I know, but in seven or eight years, don't be surprised ifÑ" "I'd rather not think about tying myself to Potter any more than I already am." Draco grimaced. Hermione's laugh startled the baby, but she hushed her back to sleep while her husband looked on with familiar heat in his eyes. "I think you want another." Draco's comment was so quiet she nearly missed it. She lifted her eyes to him. "I think you do, too." He was looking at her the way he had each time he stated, "I'm ready." The first time was their first Christmas in Chamonix as husband and wife. The second while they vacationed at the barely used Malfoy home in New Zealand. And tonight in their own home would be the third. "You're right." He carefully shifted closer. "I do." "Not yet." "No. Not yet." His kiss was gentle, neither moving enough to wake their sleeping children. "But practise makes perfect." "You might be onto something." August 31, 2017 Kingsley accepted her basket of fruits and vegetables while she smiled graciously at his gift of honey. And after he made a vegetarian lunch, they went outdoors to enjoy a sweet treat on the porch. Armed with his favouriteÑliquorice wandsÑthey enjoyed the humid warmth that always came at the end of summer. There were more hives than in years past. Hermione chewed on her wand while Kingsley held Rose, who took turns blinking up at him and the world around them. "She's very serene." "I know." Hermione shook her head. "We aren't sure where she gets it from." While their serenity was hard fought and earned, Rose's was natural. She didn't fuss much, only when she was hungry or her nappy needed to be changed. Daphne suspected she was still getting used to the world and would roar to life in the coming months. Hermione couldn't wait to see if that was true, but for now, she enjoyed her daughter. Rose had fit seamlessly into their lives from the moment she was born. "Scorpius all packed?" "Yes. We took him to the cemetery to lay flowers for Astoria this morning. Then to Narcissa's to do the same. He wanted to say goodbye to the volunteers." After all, he was one of them during the weekends when he wasn't playing sports or spending time with the Muggle and magical friends he'd made over the years at school. They'd been sad to see him and Albus leave. "Good. Scorpius and Albus will do well at Hogwarts." "Or Al will become the driving force that convinces McGonagall to retire once and for all, and Scorpius will be there to make sure nobody dies in the process. Or worse." They both laughed. Kingsley sobered slowly and turned his probing attention on her. "You know I did invite you here today for more than a routine visit." "I assumed as much. Draco was cagey when he mentioned it. He was taking the boys to the Apothecary and asked me to bring you and Andromeda vegetables." Hermione realised she'd fallen into a trap, but she was far more curious than defensive. "I figured she'd be here, but she isn't." "She's with Teddy at the Apothecary." He filled in the blank. "By this point, I imagine she has convinced Draco to let her take Leo and Scorpius for ice cream and a trip to the joke shop to visit George." That sounded accurate. Hermione took a bite of her liquorice wand. "Why did you invite me today?" "To seek your counsel." Something he'd kept up regularly despite years since she'd last held any official title in his office. Every few months his name appeared on her Magi-Scheduler, and they'd take tea and talk about everything. Kingsley asked for her thoughts on the sweeping changes as the newly formed Wizengamot Ñnow led by Percy as Chief WarlockÑrolled them out. The power they released back. The order they replaced. He asked for her opinions on foreign and domestic policies. They debated. They chatted. They agreed. They disagreed. At first, the conversations felt like tests, but each tea caused the feeling to fade. She was now comfortable giving her opinion freelyÑsometimes without being asked. She opened up and offered the counsel he sought. Sometimes her advice made it into speeches or laws the Ministry passed, other times he kept her thoughts for himself. "There will be a time I decide to retire permanently." His words, like him, were careful and deliberate. "I do not intend to remain Minister forever." He'd won re-election by a landslide against an established puristÑa sign that those days were well and truly over. Change had come to stay, and it was taking root everywhere, in everything. They were weeding out the corrupt members of the Wizengamot, either through retirement or formal charges. The kickbacks ceased and pardons based on wealth were a thing of the past. Early on, Draco had even been the deciding vote needed to overturn an archaic law. One voice had brought about lasting change. The Ministry's actions were seen as aggressive to some who benefited from the nepotism and racist laws, but to the majority, things were improving. They weren't where they needed to be, and the fight was far from over, but Kingsley had fought hard and given power back to the people who had been voiceless for so long. His thoughts of retirement weren't a surprise. First and foremost, Kingsley was a beekeeper. "Are you planning to retire soon?" Hermione asked. "No, we are still in flux. We need stability at the top or the entire house will fall." "Then whyÑ" "Be it five years or fifteen, I will stay and lead as long as it takes for you to decide." The quiet strength of his statement resounded in her. Hermione fell silent as her pulse kicked up with an instant and clear understanding of what he was asking. She felt as if she were speeding down a mountain rather than sitting outside with her friend and the bees lingering in the air. "KingsleyÉ" "I'm not appointing you today or even asking you to decide by the time Rose begins to show you the fierceness of her serenity." "I justÑ" Hermione shook her head. "I'm a Healer, not a politician." "Just as Draco didn't need to become a Potions Master in order to invent, the Ministry doesn't need a politician to lead. It has a beekeeper guiding the course of its current journey." Kingsley turned to her. "Who's to say that there is no need for a Healer? I believe all you would need to do is exactly what you're already doingÑhealing." Despite the overwhelming instinct to run from the conversation and what he was asking of her, Hermione bit her liquorice wand and listened. She stayed. "Not all wounds are physical, as you know. Some are so deep that even when they are healed, the systematic damage has already taken its toll. I cannot heal them all in my time, but perhaps a Healer can continue what I have started. There are many who will support you. I will support you." His words were familiar, a distant echo of something she'd once said to him. Too restless to remain still, Hermione stood and walked to the edge of the porch, leaning on the railing and looking out at the apiary. The garden started there by Neville and his students had grown and flourished ever since. "Hermione, I told you before that you would make an excellent Minister for Magic one day, and it had little to do with your brillianceÉ I mean that more than ever now." She turned to find Kingsley standing close with her daughter cradled in his arms. Rose blinked up at Hermione when he handed her back. He didn't return to his chair, instead joining her at the railing. "Time has made you a better version of the woman you once were, Hermione." His voice was low and gentle. "You understand your own power, but love has humbled you with wisdom. Rather than holding yourself back, you now move forward with a purpose. Your family grounds you." Hermione smiled down at her daughter. "Pain has made you stronger, and taught you how to trust others. You are better prepared now to face tough situations. Your work has made you more open-minded. Dare I say innovative. You see the world in a new way and better understand its potential." "Yes, but Minister? I don't know. I-I'm not finished with my work. My kids are young, and Draco likes the quiet peace we've managed to carve out despite leading very public lives. I like making large changes on a smaller scale, and this would beÑ" "Quite the opposite, I know. But you set a precedent in my office within a couple of months, I can't imagine how you would change the Ministry. I trust you will lead by exampleÑshould you choose to." He placed a hand on her shoulder. "As with everything, this is your choice. I meant it when I said I would wait, and if you ultimately decide not to run, I will respect your decision." "Thank you. I-It's a lot to think about." They stood in silence, listening to the bees humming in harmony. Thunder rumbled in the distance. "But I do wish you felt the same strength of conviction you have provided Draco. I wish you saw the same potential in yourself that you and I recognised in him. Potential that, might I add, has come to fruition in more ways than one." Kingsley returned to his seat and pulled another liquorice wand from the box. "I see such promise in you, Hermione. I always have, and I'm not the only one." Hermione's hackles rose with suspicious realisation. "Did youÉ" "Draco plays to his strengths." Of course he did. And while the knowledge that he'd even consider life as a Minister's husband left her reeling, it was Kingsley's parting words that lingered long after they went their separate ways. "You told me once that there are leaders and then there are those who lead. The former holds authority while the latter inspires. I believe you, like me, can be both." September 1, 2017 Scorpius was exactly where Hermione expected to find him. In the greenhouse peering up at the tangerine tree, with his gloved hands behind his back. It was so early the grow lights were on, and the moon was still high in the sky. He didn't startle when she approached him from behind, resting her hands on his shoulders. When he leaned back, her embrace turned into a hug. Hermione pressed her cheek against his temple, and they stood in a comfortable silence. "We'll see her before you leave." Narcissa's portrait hung in the add-on libraryÑforever asleep, she never woke up, and no one knew why, but they placed her with Astoria's mundane painting. Two women who made the most of what little time they were afforded. Not all wounds were healed, but Scorpius kept her gifted memories close. They were of him. Memories of her firsts. Holding him. Seeing him smile. Hearing him speak. "I know." His response was soft. "Can we stay like this for a little longer?" "Of course." Hermione inhaled as Scorpius closed his eyes and did the same. "Are you nervous?" "Yes." Gloved hands covered her arms. "But also no." "I felt like that, too, but I didn't have a lot of friends when I was your age. I went to Hogwarts alone. I read and read and tried to learn as much as I could to fit in. It didn't work at first because I was a swot, but you're going to have a great time. You've read all the books so now it's time to experience it for yourself. You're not going alone." She squeezed him gently. "It'll be an adventure. Make more friends. Be brave. Make your own magic." "What if I'm not Slytherin like dad?" "He'll love you regardless, but between you and me, we have a bet that you won't be." Scorpius turned his head, eyes wide with surprise. "HeÑ" "Wants you to forge your own path. This is your life to live, and he wants you to make your own choices. And that starts today when you leave, and continues no matter what house you're sorted into. Your history and legacy are important, they tell you where you've come from, but they don't determine where you're going. There are a lot of bad things that have happened in your family's past, things that people might judge you for, but what does your dad say about that?" "The past doesn't define me." "No, it doesn't." Hermione smiled, recalling the many times she'd heard Draco repeat it to his son. "You are better. You have always been better. You have your mother's heart, her spirit. And you'll show the world by being exactly who you are. There is only one Scorpius Malfoy, and the Sorting Hat will know which house you belong in." Scorpius was silent for so long that dawn began to break. "Mum?" "YÑ" Hermione swallowed around a lump in her throat. She would never get over the twinge of emotion every time he called her that. "Yes?" "Thanks for being my Mum." "Thank you for choosing me." Platform 9 . was exactly as Hermione remembered. Alive with the thrum of returning Hogwarts students and nervous First Years crowding towards the train with their baggage. Parents clogged the walkways, not yet ready to say goodbye. They'd arrived an hour before the train's scheduled departure, leaving them plenty of time for farewells and final checks. Theo's goodbye came first, Daphne's second, then Blaise and Padma third. Hermione's parents brought Scorpius treats to share, and her dad playfully reminded him to brush his teeth after eating. Susan, to even Ron's surprise, got a little choked up during her goodbyes. Cho, who once kept her distance out of resentment, hugged him and wished him well. Teddy teased him with a smile before going to find Victoire. Pansy ruffled his hair while Scorpius frowned. "Being irritated with me is better than being sad. So I'll take that as a win." For a second, Scorpius looked at her as if realising something he should have already known, but the moment ended when Percy drew him away to check everything against the extensive list they'd meticulously compiled one last time. Percy and Scorpius shared an affinity for organisation, and he'd been all too happy to help facilitate. Additional extension charms were needed on Scorpius' school trunk. He'd never quite grown out of his love for keeping the things he loved close to him, and when asked what he wanted to take to school, he'd responded with nearly everything. Stuffed with clothes, books, his notebooks, and the scrapbook they'd filled both the new and old pages of over the years, plus the cauldrons and everything required for a First YearÑwell, a feather-light charm was necessary, too. On top sat Hugo's cat carrier, and next to that was Scorpius' satchel Hermione had packed with a container of snacks and a piece of sad strawberry pie. Next to that, his forever companion Mint stood tall and proud. Larger, too. He had everything. He was ready. But Scorpius didn't board. All eyes were on them until the Potters came rushing through the barrier, one after the other, with Harry and Ginny pushing through last. Albus had been bouncing with excitement all week, but like Scorpius, right now he stood still. Nerves had finally struck him. James hugged his parents and ran off to put his trunk on the train and find his friends. Ginny and Lily stood back while Harry talked to a hesitant Albus with both hands on his shoulders. Scorpius reached for Leo first, who looked close to tears. He kissed Rose on the cheek and whispered goodbye to his sister who was wide awake in his father's arms. Then he stood before her. He was still the same, yet so, so different. A hint of the nervous little boy he used to be emerged, but she tempered it the only way she knew how. Hermione fixed the bowtie he insisted on wearing, dusted the invisible lint off the sleeve of his robes, and took him into her arms. She held him close, closing her eyes when he squeezed the ends of her cardigan. For comfort. A reminder. "You're ready, love. Leo, your dad, and I will take care of everything. We'll send you pictures. We'll write notes. It'll be different, but not all change is bad." Hermione brushed the fringe off his forehead and Scorpius relaxed a fraction. "I love you, my brave scorpion. You know that, don't you?" He nodded, too emotional for words. His eyes were watering just like hers. "Distance means nothing when we're all looking up at the same sky." Hermione pressed her lips to his forehead until he settled enough to take a breath without shaking. Leo hugged her leg and she rubbed the little boy's curly hair to settle him. Scorpius held her a little tighter before letting go and turning to his father. A quick change from Draco's arms to hers didn't bother little Rose at all. Scorpius wasn't the only one surprised when Draco took a knee in front of his son on the crowded platform. Every eye was on the pair. I'll make you proud. Scorpius signed slowly. I will. You already do. Draco covered his hands before he could sign again. He reached into his pocket and pulled out one last note, placing it in his son's hands. "You always have." Scorpius scrubbed away a rogue tear, clutching the note. "Dad." His voice was but a whisper. Draco's smile was slow as he hugged his son, whispering three words into his earÑ sentiments Scorpius knew and trusted. Still, Draco held on, held tight, and didn't let go until Al came rushing over with Harry, Ginny, and Lily. Less nervous after his talk with Harry, Al hugged Hermione while Scorpius did the same with the Potters and Lily. When Albus got to Draco, he smiled. "Don't miss me too much, Uncle Draco." "I won't miss you at all." "Sure you won't." He tackled Draco with a hug, and the moment it was returned, Al pulled back, grinning victoriously. "I knew I was your favourite!" Before Draco could argue, the train whistled in warning. It was time to go. They walked Scorpius and his luggage to the train. With Mint in one hand, Hugo in the cat carrier in the other, and a satchel strapped across his chest, Scorpius was ready to board behind Albus. "Send our love to Neville," Ginny called as she waved. Both promised they would. Scorpius looked back three times before vanishing through the train door. Ten minutes later, when the Hogwarts Express pulled off, no one moved until it was long out of sight. Draco picked up a still-waving Leo, then took Hermione's hand and kissed it. Only then did her first tears fall. Not from sadness. No. She was happy. All was well. The quietest people have the loudest minds. Hermione hadn't thought of the quote in years. While it had initially pertained best to Theo, upon seeing Draco alone on the charmed hammock in the middle of the pasture, with only the moon and stars lighting the world around him, she was struck by just how applicable the statement was to him as well. His pensive nature used to frustrate Hermione, but it had also kept her alert, drew her attention, and constantly made her wonder who he was and what was on his mind. But now she didn't have to guess. Didn't have to ask. Now she knew. Hermione joined him on the hammock, curled up at his side, and waited for the mood he'd been in all day to settle. Being quiet was his choice, but not a permanent state. "What do you think he's doing now?" His question gave her pause, as did the waver in his voice. "It's eight o'clock. Scorpius should be sorted into his house and stuffed full from the Welcoming Feast by now. Maybe he's in his house's common room meeting his roommates." Hermione brought their joined hands to her lips and kissed his wedding band. "But knowing Scorpius, he'll be in the corner with a book, watching the sky." Draco, who never cared for the stars as much as his son, looked up. Hermione joined him, searching the skies in the place she'd found her home. Peace settled over them when he pressed his lips to her forehead and breathed her in, tethered to each other and the life they'd created. For what felt like hours, they looked with the silent hope that Scorpius was taking in the same sight: the same moon, the same stars. "I miss him already," Hermione confessed. It was something they both knew. "I told him today that distance meant nothing when we were all under the same sky." Seconds and minutes passed before Draco tilted her chin up and kissed her long and slow, smiling against her lips. "I agree." "We could go in and check the notebook. Maybe he's written." "In a minute." Draco shifted his hold on her. "I wanted to talk about something." His tone made her curious. "What?" "Kingsley told me he'd talked to you, but you didn't give him an answer." "I was too busy being surprised that you were the one who'd suggested the conversation." "Because I know you." And he did. Who she was before, who she was now, and who she could become. Hermione couldn't speak. Not at first. "I-I happen to know you just as well, Draco." Hermione ran a thumb across his lips. "You're on the Wizengamot and have the Apothecary. I'm on the trajectory to cure magical dementia in my lifetime. You don't care for a life in the public eye, especially not in that capacity, and despite being good at it, I don't care for bureaucracy or politics." "All true, but I've always wondered why you were a Healer until I realised this is who you are now, not necessarily who you'll always be." Draco stopped and brought their joined hands to rest on his chest. "I've been atoning. You were right about being part of the solution rather than the problem. I have no regrets, but maybe in ten years you'll be ready. Or not. Just something to think about." "DracoÉ" "I know, which is why the question comes back to an old one. What do you want?" For all her thoughts on the subject since her talk with Kingsley, there was no clear answer. Hermione pressed her ear to his chest, listening to his heartbeat as they relaxed beneath the stars. A comfortable silence settled over them. With his hand running up and down the length of her back, Hermione's thoughts floated through days, months, and years of moments with Draco's unwavering presence tethering her to Earth. Drifted through the creation of everything they'd built from the ashes of nothing. And circled back to the happiness they fought for each day. Life was fluid, it took twists and turns, and each choice made was a form of energy. Hermione kept this in mind when making hers. "I'll keep an open mind, I will. I'll keep advising him, but I'm in no rush to make a choice." "I understand." Draco made a low noise when her lips brushed his knuckles. "And until then?" "Let's stand still. Let's continue as we are." This life they'd created wasn't perfect or ordinary, but it was everything. "I may not know what direction to take just yet, but I think that's the best part of the adventure." The journey, after all, was the destination. THE END The End is not only an End. This is the Beginning of a new Start. Gaurav GRV Sharma Chapter End Notes I hope you have enjoyed this journey. I can finally say the entire intent and purpose of Measure of a Man was to read as both something of a love letter from Draco to Scorpius as told by Hermione (who pieces the story of a father's love together while falling in love with said father AND son) as well as the story of two people who begin as nothing, form something, and become everything. It was also written to fit neatly inside the 19 year jump post-DH and become something of the multiverse, leading up to the epilogue, all while making it a Dramione, with changes of course-Rose as the sister and Hugo as the cat. Al and Scorpius beginning Hogwarts as besties. All themes of family and choice, sacrifice and growth, the many facets of love and hard lessons aside--all other themes aside, it was intended to give Draco an arc that exists both within Scorpius and outside of him, and leaves open the possibility of Hermione turning to canon and becoming Minister or...not. Also, no matter how much I trolled everyone, yes, I always intended for Draco and Hermione to have more children. I would never spoil the end of my own story by answering definitively either way. Also, fitting that this story ends on Earth Day for our narrator who is Earth to Draco's moon and Scorpius' sun. I did not plan that LOL. I wish I had. Lastly, thank you to everyone for the love and appreciation for this little giant of mine. All the reviews and feedback, the kudos, the DMs, the recs, and every single artist who was/is/will be inspired by this story to create gorgeous artwork. I am flustered by it all and incredibly humbled and honored. I'd make a self-deprecating joke here but my mind is blank. As always: To K, the literal yin to my yang, you are incredible. Dunno what you expected late May 2020 when you said "do it" when I said (loosely) "I want to write cottagecore Hermione and incorporate a very old idea into it that I didn't think I was mature enough 10 years ago to write" But thank you for sticking with me for the 22 months it took me to conceptualize, plan, write, us to edit, and post this monster. You're the real MVP. Bailey, too, for stepping in as Alpha and being a sounding board. To Jaxx for simply being your talented self and forgetting all the spoilers I dropped on you during this process. LOL. To friends, you are incredible. To the Discord group (and even the Facebook group and twt peeps): thank you for keeping me sane with your THEOries (both crack and legit), positive energy, friendships formed, and just everything, you guys made what can be a lonely process of writing something for so long so, so much better. Much love. Ina. Art for this chapter: MoaM Manifestation by pollux_ & 1 Year Post-Epilogue by mcbibon & Hermione at Peace by ectoheart End Notes Disclaimer: I own nothing. Any mistakes are my own. Translation links: Italian Bahasa Indonesian Thai Alpha: Bailey4047: Thanks for stepping in at 175k of me just writing and reassuring me of my sanity and direction. Not to mentioning helping me iron out the rough bits of my plan. Beta: dreamsofdramione Ugh, words can't express how much you've done for me while writing this. Thank you for being there every step of the way as this insane idea took shape and grew...and grew. Oh, and for smoothing out my stream of consciousness and deleting my semi colons. And the lovely banners! .. Ways to connect: . Measure of a Man Pinterest Board [featuring Quotes, Chapter Banners, Links to Measure Fanart, Relevant Resources, Playlists, etc.] .. Ways to connect: Tumblr & Twitter & Instagram . Dazed And Amused Facebook Group Works inspired by this one No (A Measure of a Man AU) by rosenymphadoraweasley5 Chapter 23 Banter by ayaka_arts Pooltime Scorpius by WilloWalla Measure Of A Man - BR by tessagrob Peacetime by ndifiam [Restricted Work] by micromagical (multimagical) [Podfic] Measure of a Man by inadaze22 by SEPFanficReadings [Restricted Work] by ghouls_just_wanna The Shape of forgotten things by Florasdreams Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work! 